Hello everyone,
this is the best partner
. I am Da Fei.
Recently ,
a British gaming company called Plantin Casino released
a very interesting temporary job recruitment
. They are looking for an analyst for "The Simpsons". The job
content is very simple
, that is, two Within a month
,
record the scenes from the Simpsons TV series that may come true in the future
and
feed them back to their forecasting team
, so that they can get paid $6,800 and
the encouragement of donuts every day
. In the past,
the Simpson series
has predicted many major events in the world
, such as Trump's election
horse meat scandal
, the coronavirus pandemic
, and most recently, the fuel shortage in the United Kingdom
. So we want to ask a Simpson scholar
to help us find the secrets hidden in the cartoons. Prophecy
, well,
it sounds like we're not looking for an analyst
,
we're looking for a seer, let's not care if the job posting is real or not
, but at least it explicitly mentions
the prophecy of The Simpsons
, so let's start today.
Let's talk about this. The animated
comedy "The Simpsons" premiered on December 17, 1989.
It is based on
the fictional American town of Springfield.
By showing the life of Homer's family of five
, it outlines the American middle-class lifestyle
. So far It has aired more than 700 episodes in 32 seasons.
It is also
the longest-running sitcom aired during prime time in the United States. The most famous Simpson prediction
on the Internet
is probably a story related to Trump. It is widely rumored on
the Internet
that it was Trump in 2000.
16 years before Trump became President of the United States
, an interesting prophecy was shown in the
17th episode of the 11th season of The Simpsons
" Bart of the Future". And the officials said,
as you might expect,
former President Trump
left us with a mess on the budget,
are we going bankrupt?
Trump became President of the United States in 2016
and left the Biden administration with a mess
since World War II. The highest government debt
is a total of 27.75 trillion U.S. dollars
, so this prophecy has
naturally become a miracle in the hearts of many people
. Another evidence that makes people think that Simpson’s prophecy
is the backstory of the West
is that he successfully prophesied Prism Gate
in 2007. In the movie " The Homer family
boarded a train in order to avoid the government's pursuit.
Just as they were about to discuss
what to do next, the people from
the National Security Agency
eavesdropped on their conversation through the AI ​​train conductor on the train
and found
them
6 years later
. Snow Deng
exposed
the top-secret network monitoring and monitoring program,
the Prism Project, implemented by the US National Security Agency since 2007.
In the field of international politics,
in 2012, in the 17th episode of the 23rd season of The Simpsons
"Stupid Politics",
Homer as a TV show When
everyone was discussing major international events, a very interesting comment
appeared in the scrolling news below:
The European Union put Greece on eBay.
Three years later, Greece became the first country in history to default on
international goods. Developed countries with IMF
debt
became a huge drag on the European Union
, were asked by international creditors to tighten their belts
and sell off their assets
in the field of technology
In 1998, the Simpsons Season 10 Episode 2
"The Ivy Wizard"
Homer on the blackboard There is a long list of
god particle formulas that make liberal arts students scratch their heads
. The mass of god particles calculated by this formula is very small compared
to that calculated by physicists in 2012.
And one of the characters in this animation is
Bart ’s classmate
Millhouse also predicted in 2010 that Bengt Holmstrom
would become a Nobel laureate in economics
, and the latter actually won the award in 2016.
In addition,
there are some widely circulated Simpson predictions
such as In The Simpsons in 1994, the scene where
Doris brings horse meat to the children for lunch
was considered to be a foreshadowing of the European horse meat scandal in
2013. For example
, in the 1998 episode of The Simpsons,
20th Century Fox
was described as the A division of Disney.
As a result, in 2017
, Disney really spent 66 billion US dollars to acquire Fox . The
most recent prediction was fulfilled last July
when Branson, the chairman of Virgin Atlantic, went to space.
Some people think it
was broadcast in 2014. In the 15th episode of the 25th season, the old man
with a white beard
is a two-dimensional portrait of Branson. Although
the pose is not exactly the same,
in their eyes, this
is already a proper prediction. It’s enough
to get the meaning.
Now , as long as you
Open the browser
and enter keywords
, and you will see
countless
news that the Simpson prophecy has come true
. Even foreigners
themselves regard the Simpson prophecy as a miraculous foresight
. Is the Simpson family really so magical?
If you really watch
this cartoon carefully
In every episode of ,
you may find that many predictions are not as circulated on the Internet.
For example, when the American thugs stormed the White House
, a picture of Simpson that
was the same as
the Cos savage brother
was circulated on the Internet.
At that time, everyone thought
it was Simpson. Another successful
prophecy, but it was later discovered
that this is a secondary creation based on
the characters in Simpson . Another example is the BLM (Black Lives Matter) movement
. When the United States was particularly popular
, the Simpson prediction became a hot map
again. Even The old beauty started to gossip on the Internet.
Not only is the kneeling neck movement drawn very accurately
, but even Lisa’s sign is word for word . But
after actual investigation, it was discovered
that this is also a creation made by an old American artist.
This well-known image is used to
call attention to racial issues in the United States
. Even the prediction that the Minnesota police station
will be set on fire by protesters
is actually taken out of context by netizens. The police station in the
Simpson family was not set on fire by protesters
, and it has nothing to do with protests.
There is no relationship, it is
just an accident.
Some netizens once believed that
the Simpsons predicted the Suez Canal blockage
, but Evergreen
has no relationship with Taiwan Chimelong Group. It
refers to the Evergreen where the Simpsons live. reen Terrace
and the map the police chief
sees is not a map of the Suez Canal
, although it is very similar, but
it is a map of Springfield, where the Simpsons are located.
Some believers also believe
that the show predicted the emergence of
online dating sites in 1996. But in fact,
this concept was not proposed by the Simpsons
, because as early as 1995,
the United States
had its own Jiayuan website
match.com
. What’s more,
some people think that
smart watches are also predicted by Simpson , but
the truth is that they were popular
as early as the 1950s. The concept of smart watches already existed
in the cultural work Dick Tracy,
and it was even covered by the BBC
The Trump campaign footage widely reported by big media like the New York Times
did not actually originate in 2000,
but from Trump’s Magical Journey, which was released on July 7, 2015.
At that
time, Trump announced that he
would participate in the presidential election. The general election is not a prediction
at all
, and the scenes of the animation
are also 1:1 reproductions of news images
. Remember the recruitment resume
introduced at the beginning of our program ?
The above-mentioned prediction of fuel shortage in 2021
is also the same
, although Homer puts it in the trunk The appearance
of refueling seems to be to deal with the fuel shortage
, but he actually did
it to help his daughter
get a joint blind box toy at the gas station
, because the gas station requires
every 10 full rounds of gasoline to buy a blind box
and we mentioned earlier The predictions
of wiretapping,
God particle
, horsemeat gate, etc. are
actually traceable many years ago
. Based on some data and facts,
it is not difficult to deduce guesses
. In addition, the Simpsons
have made
hundreds of guesses in the course of 700 episodes.
According to
the probability , it is entirely possible to predict
that there are more than ten or twenty of them.
What 's more , most of them are second-hand
creations , taken out of context and
deliberately exaggerated.
The information shows that the concept of Simpson's
prophecy was released by Howie, a user of Loose Change, an
old conspiracy theory message board,
on July 26, 2006. He claimed that in the first episode of the ninth season aired in 1997
, Lisa held New York Magazine There is a mystery in the advertisement.
The price of $9
and the two straight buildings behind it
form a hint of 911. This
is the prediction of the future 911 incident
. But if we think about it a little rationally,
if the Simpsons can really predict accurately,
why not directly The actual scene is painted
, but it is expressed through this metaphorical interpretation
, which is completely inconsistent with other so-called prophecy styles. The emergence and popularity of
Simpson 's prophecy
has made those rumors that were regarded as boring in the past
become the talk of many people
, even openly. It was reported by foreign mainstream media
, but you must be wondering
why it has to be The Simpsons.
One reason is that it is so popular
. The Simpsons has been broadcast for more than 30 years.
As an
animated sitcom loved by people all over the world
, even the main character Homer’s D’oh when he’s depressed
and Woohoo when he’s happy
have long been popular enough to be included in dictionaries.
The more important reason is that
it’s hard to find a work that can fully
display the social ecology than
The Simpsons. I love my family-style comedy.
The Simpsons is centered on the atomic family
. By portraying blue-collar dads,
housewife mothers
, rebellious sons
, and schoolmaster daughters
, it shows the structure of an American family
, and through their daily lives
, it shows the current society. The real problem.
Therefore,
this work thoroughly understands the oil, salt, sauce, vinegar and tea of ​​Americans.
It can be called the Siku Quanshu of American life
. In The Simpsons, you
can see the difficulties of American blue-collar families, and you
can also see it.
The real cruelty revealed
by the various disorders
in American society made the US President Bush Sr.
couldn't stand it anymore.
At the Republican National Congress in 1992
, he said that we should work hard to make American families more like the Waltons.
Instead of the Simpsons, the Walton
here
refers to the founding family of Wal-Mart,
which symbolizes wealth
, intelligence and hard
work. Correspondingly,
you naturally know what the Simpsons represent. What
’s more interesting is
that if you carefully observe the enthusiasm of Simpson’s predictions,
you will find that although he is It appeared in 2006
, but the real take-off began in February 2020. This node
coincides
with the intensification
of the Western epidemic and the political turmoil in the United States.
Most of the fictional Simpson rumors
are also at this moment
, just like Saudi crude oil.
From the cracks of the Internet
At a time dominated
by the powerlessness and
uncertainty brought about by the epidemic and economic recession,
these mystical arguments have
become the reliance of many people in the face of the floating world
. It is both the answer
and the straw.
After all,
for those who do not know where to go
Even if the answer is not completely correct
, it is better
than nothing. Well, that’s all for today’s story
. Interested friends,
welcome to subscribe to our channel
and see you next time
