Hello everyone
, this is the best partner
. I am Dafei
ChatGPT. This is the rhythm of
all competitors
. Yesterday,
OpenAI released another news that shocked the world.
ChatGPT can integrate third-party plug-ins.
This time the seal that cannot be connected to the Internet has been lifted
. Prepare
Before
the start of the era of AI in the entire universe,
everyone recognized that ChatGPT is almost
omnipotent
. The
only disadvantage is that it cannot be connected to the Internet
because its training data
is only as of September 21
, so its understanding of the future world
is still very limited . It’s all blank , but
the only seal has now
been removed by OpenAI. Now ChatGPT can be connected to the Internet through plug-ins
, and after adding plug-ins
, ChatGPT will not only view web pages by itself
, but also interact with web pages. In
OpenAI’s words, now other services
They have become the eyes and ears of ChatGPT.
It is conceivable
that the follow-up ChatGPT
will become an all-encompassing ecosystem.
Although many applications are still in the early stages
and need to be explored, the fields that ChatGPT can expand
can be said to be unlimited
. Not much to say
, let’s take a look at
how amazing ChatGPT’s plug-in capabilities are.
From the video, we can see
that after installing a wave of plug-ins, we
can ask ChatGPT questions. For example, I am in San Francisco and I want to eat vegetarian
food this weekend.
I can’t suggest (what restaurant to go to on Saturday)
and what recipe to cook on Sunday.
Please use WolframAlpha
to calculate the calories of the recipe.
Finally , order ingredients on Instacart
. All the information you need
will be perfectly presented in front of your eyes immediately
. List the recipes After that,
it will immediately and thoughtfully
help you place an order on the shopping website Instacart.
As for the ingredients you need,
ChatGPT has already selected them for you. All
you need to do is to pay the bill
. This execution ability and understanding ability
are too exaggerated at present
. There
are three official plug-ins provided by ChatGPT.
The first
is the Web browser plug-in
, which is an experimental model to know when and how to browse the Internet
. The second is the code interpreter plug-in,
which is executed in a sandbox and firewall environment.
Real-time Python interpreter The third
knowledge base search plug -in It can carry out
semantic search on personal and organizational files.
Let’s talk about the web browser first.
As the first plug-in of ChatGPT
, it can be said to be full of sincerity.
This plug-in will use
The new Bing API
searches the Internet for information about a question
and then gives a specific answer
. For example, you can ask ChatGPT
the box office of this year's Oscar-winning movie
, compared with the most recently released movies,
and it
will immediately search the Internet
and then Give the answer.
Obviously
, this is something that ChatGPT could not do before.
In addition
, ChatGPT can also judge
whether it is necessary to provide a Bing interface based on the content of the query
, and then we You can use the index in the answer
to jump to a specific webpage link
. Although
this function can also be done by Bing, the ChatGPT plug-in
can not only retrieve real-time information
, but also
bind the API
to perform operations directly
. For example, Bing can Tell you flight and hotel information
, but ChatGPT can also help you
book flights and hotels directly. The function of
this browser
uses Bing’s search API.
Microsoft has made great efforts in two aspects.
The first is to ensure the reliability and reliability of information sources.
Authenticity Second, turn on the security mode
to prevent inappropriate content from being retrieved.
This plug-in
is running in an independent service,
so the browsing behavior of ChatGPT
is separated from its other functions.
I guess after this plug-in,
Bing The usage will decrease
, but it can also be seen here that
Microsoft has begun
to deeply bind with OpenAI ChatGPT, and the traffic on
both sides
diverts each other.
Get requests do not
support post requests
, that is to say, it can only obtain data
but not send data
. In addition, OpenAI has also imposed some restrictions on crawlers.
You can configure the robots.txt file
to prohibit the content crawled by crawlers.
If it occurs during use
Clicking failure is a very normal phenomenon
. The second plug-in code interpreter. We did a program
yesterday
to introduce the new GPT-4-based programming tool Copilot X
released by Github.
In just one day, it has
already exceeded 7,000 plays, which is enough .
It can be seen that
many coders have already felt the blow of dimensionality reduction
and began to tremble.
This time,
the code interpreter programming plug-in launched by OpenAI
has once again
strengthened the
ability of programming. The uploaded video file will be processed
. After a while
, it can be downloaded directly.
I will ask you whether to burst or not
. Currently, the ChatGPT model used by this plugin
is isolated in a sandbox protected by a firewall
, and a small amount of temporary
disk will be allocated to it.
Space When the user communicates
, the code will be saved in the session
and can be called at any time
. This interpreter has several special features
: 1. It can solve quantitative and qualitative mathematical problems;
2. Perform data analysis and visualization
; 3. It is fast Converting file formats
With
the increasing use of this plug-in , OpenAI
encourages users to make various attempts
to fully explore more functions
of the
code interpreter The code allows
users to host their own data
and access it inside ChatGPT. This
plugin can ask questions
to get the most relevant file snippets from the data
, such as file notes, emails
, or public documents
such as
videos. Ask questions to retrieve
the content of the United Nations report from 2018 to 2022
, and output it as a table
. Developers can deploy their own plug-in version
and register in ChatGPT
. Then,
developers can choose a vector database
, such as Milvus Pinecone Redis, etc.
to document
Indexing and searching
In addition,
these information sources can also
be synchronized with the database through webhook In addition to
its own plug-ins, OpenAI also released 11 third-party plug-ins this time ,
the first batch of plug-ins is from Expedia FiscalNote Instacart KAYAK Klarna
Milo OpenTable Shopify Slack
Speak Wolfram and Zapier create
These plug-ins cover functions such as real-time information
retrieval , air ticket booking, online ordering, traffic navigation
, enterprise office process optimization, etc. Yes
, the standard family bucket is here.
In addition,
OpenAI also encourages developers to develop plug-ins together
, but you first need to join the Waitlist application
. When applying It’s best to fill in your personal Github address , which is also
one of the criteria used by OpenAI to judge the developer’s ability.
It should
be said
that ChatGPT’s plug-in not only greatly improves
ChatGPT’s own ability,
but also brings a lot of ecology to Microsoft.
Allies at
this point may be another major blow to Google.
The creation process of the ChatGPT plug-in is also very simple. It is divided
into three steps
. They are to build the API
, use OpenAI's YAML or JSON format
to write the API document
, and then create a JSON manifest file.
Define the relevant metadata of the plug-in.
Before
developing the plug-in, you may wish to take a look at
the OpenAI open source Retrieval project mentioned earlier.
Through this demo
, we can first get a general understanding of
the file structure of the ChatGPT plug-in,
the calling method of the API
, and the interaction process with ChatGPT.
In the past, ChatGPT
was always called a math chicken, and problems like
chickens and rabbits in the same cage were always wrong , which attracted
the attention of Stephen Wolfram, the father of the Wolfram language.
This time , with the help of WolframAlpha's plug-in
ChatGPT suddenly turned into a WolframAlpha, an artifact of science students,
is a well-known
online automatic question answering system
. It not only has powerful structured computing capabilities
, but also can understand natural language
. After two and a half months of integration,
ChatGPT has now obtained
Wolfram’s computing superpowers.
In January, Wolfram once I used ChatGPT
to demonstrate a simple example of how far it is
from Chicago to Tokyo
, but the generated result was wrong.
Now that the Wolfram plug-in is added
, the ability of ChatGPT is immediately enhanced.
Not only the correct result is generated
, but also the visual picture is given.
You even You can click "Click to use Wolfram"
to view the process before and after this answer.
Similarly , Wolfram has noticed
that when ChatGPT answers, it
often fabricates some
seemingly reasonable but wrong data. But
after integrating Wolfram's plug-in,
ChatGPT It can output a correct
and authoritative answer
, and even use ChatGPT to make graphs.
Wolfram also gave a panorama,
listing
what you can do with ChatGPT plus WolframAlpha.
Just ask if you are awesome.
ChatGPT April 2022
The father, Sam Altman, once said that we
need to name this new computer interface (interface)
, tell the computer what you want in natural language , and then
directly let them do it. Operation, do
you have any ideas?
Perhaps at that time,
ChatGPT’s plug-in system
was brewing in his mind
. The chief scientist of OpenAI also said that
the GPT model is a new type of computer architecture that runs on
text . It can not only talk to us humans
It is also
possible to communicate with existing software infrastructure.
API is the first step , and plug-ins
are the second step. Jim Fan, an AI scientist
at Nvidia
, said excitedly
. If the birth of ChatGPT
can be regarded as the iPhone moment in the AI ​​world
The integration of third-party plug-ins today
is the event of iOS releasing the AppStore level
. Some netizens said that
this is the beginning of the ChatGPT universe
. Weibo big V "Mu Yao" exclaimed that
using natural language to generate plug-ins
is the craziest system I have ever seen in my life
. Finally Well, he made a prediction that Python is dead.
Even
Joseph Mehdi, the vice president of Microsoft, expressed such emotion. None of
us thought that this March would
be so crazy. Well, today’s sharing is here
. Interested friends welcome
to subscribe to us
's channel See
you next time
