Hello everyone, here is the best partner.
I am Dafei.
There is an old saying in China that one can only be
rich for three generations
, but one family can break the curse. Three generations of grandparents and
grandchildren have been the richest man in China.
Even Chairman Mao once commented that
China is the best in the world. They are the only family that
can truly be called a consortium.
This family is the Rong family,
a
legendary
family with a glorious history of nearly a hundred years. The rise of the Rong family has to
start with the two brothers Rong
Zongjing
and Rong Desheng.
In the late Qing Dynasty, all over
China The war continued
, the people were in dire
straits, and the life of the Rong family was also very difficult.
Due to the
poverty of his family
, Rong Zongjing, who was only 14 years old, left his hometown in Wuxi, Jiangsu,
and began to work in Shanghai
. He first worked as an apprentice in an iron anchor factory,
and later went to a bank to work as a street
runner. What does it mean?
In fact, it is running on the pier
to solicit some business for the bank
, managing people and asking for debts, etc.
The younger brother Rong Desheng is 2 years younger than Rong Zongjing. He studies
in the school of his hometown.
Because of his excellent grades , his family has high hopes for
him. He could pass the imperial examination and
become a high official,
but Rong Desheng didn’t think so. He took his elder brother as a role model
and wanted to share the worries of the family as soon as possible.
So when he was 15 years old, he took a small wooden boat
and came to Shanghai from Wuxi . With the help of his elder brother,
Rong Desheng Desheng entered another bank as an apprentice. The two
brothers worked very hard
and supported each other, and
gradually took root in Shanghai. After a
few years, they
not only figured out the
operation rules of Shanghai's financial market,
but also accumulated some contacts and contacts of their own. In 1900
, 25-year-old Rong Desheng went south to Guangdong. He saw a vast expanse of whiteness on the wharf from a
distance . He took a closer look and
found that
it was full of flour
. After inquiring, he realized that
these
flours were imported from foreign countries. The
demand is huge , but there are few flour processing factories in China
, so we can only rely on foreign imports. In this way,
Rong Desheng keenly discovered the business opportunities
. After returning to Shanghai, he
told his brother about the idea of ​​investing and setting up a factory. The
two brothers hit it off and
hit it off . In 1901,
they founded a flour mill in Xishuidun, Wuxi and
named it "Baoxing Flour Mill".
At that time
, Baoxing Flour Mill had only 17 acres of land
, 4 sets of French stone mills,
3 British wheat sieves and 2 British flour mills. Sieve, blessed by
God
, at that time,
just as the
Qing government
relaxed the restrictions on private factories, the flour industry of the
Rong family achieved rapid development
, reaching a daily output of 300 packets of flour,
and the supply was in short supply,
so the Rong brothers decisively increased investment
and set a The rule of no dividends for three
years put all the money earned into production.
At the same time, Baoxing Flour Mill was
renamed Maoxin Flour Mill . After several years of development, Maoxin Flour Mill has reached a daily production of
2,500 bags of flour and has
become Wuxi Machinery. No. 1 in the production of flour
followed by a sharp drop in grain production in
Western countries during the First World War,
which brought opportunities to China’s local flour industry. The two
brothers continued to increase investment,
purchase machines ,
and set up factories in many provinces and cities across the country
. The flour produced not only supplies domestic
And it is also exported to Britain,
France , Australia, and Southeast Asian countries
to 192 In 3 years, the
Rong brothers have owned
two major flour companies, Maoxin and Fuxin, with a
total of 12 factories
located in Wuxi,
Shanghai , Jinan, Hankou and other places. The
daily flour production reached more than 96,000 bags,
accounting for 32% of the total flour production in the country at
that time. The speed was not only unique in China at that time,
but also very rare in the world. In the
same year, the Beiyang government promulgated the Trademark Law, and
Maoxin Flour Company
filed a trademark application for the first time. As a
result , Maoxin’s Bingchuan brand flour
became the first registered in Chinese history.
After
that, the
two brothers continued to expand their investment fields and
set their sights on the textile industry
. They established Shenxin Textile Company
and successively
set up 9 textile factories in various parts of the country,
with more than 30,000 textile workers, occupying more than 25% of the national cotton yarn market. The shares
even
bought a Japanese spinning mill with 400,000 silver dollars.
Since then
, the three major companies Maoxin, Fuxin, and Shenxin have
jointly formed the Rongjia Capital Group , which
controls the food and clothing of the Chinese people . The
brothers had
become the
largest industrial tycoons in China at that time
. There was a saying in China at that time,
called the Rong family clothing and food,
half
the world,
which means that the clothes and flour produced by the Rong family
occupied
half of the Chinese market. The
Rong brothers were called the flour king and the
cotton yarn
king.
Sit Owning the throne of the richest man in the business world, the limelight was unparalleled for
a while
, but the self-made brothers
did not get carried away by it. They are keen on local public welfare
undertakings , running schools, building bridges , repairing roads, and developing water conservancy
in their hometown of Wuxi and surrounding Yixing and Danyang, Changzhou Nearly a hundred bridges were built in other places.
In 1934, on Rong Desheng's 60th birthday,
he
donated more than 60,000 yuan of birthday gifts from his relatives and friends to
build the famous Baojie Bridge
. The project took a total of 173 days. The bridge
is 375 meters long and 5.6 meters wide
. There are 60 bridge holes, which became
the largest bridge in the south of the Yangtze River at that time, and the
surrounding people were able to
use their boats to cross and travel smoothly. The
Rong brothers
also opened more than 10 public welfare schools,
covering primary education
, secondary education and university education .
Qian Weichang
used to study in the
public welfare school founded by the Rong family.
However , when the Rong family was in full swing,
the Anti-Japanese War broke out, and
large areas of land fell one after another
. Rong Zongjing also died in the war in 1938.
Rong ’s enterprises were also severely damaged, and
some were in the flames of war.
They were blown up by the Japanese army, and some
were occupied by the Japanese army. Only the
factories in the Shanghai Concession remained, and they were
still in production. The
factory then sent
Chu Minyi, the foreign minister of Wang Jingwei’s puppet government at that time, to Shanghai to put pressure on Rong Desheng,
but
Rong
Desheng only responded with 8 words,
preferring broken pieces of
jade
to tiles
. Even
so , they still suffered heavy losses in the war.
According to
statistics, during the Anti-Japanese War, Rongshi Enterprises lost 35% of the total assets before the war,
about 1/3 of the spindles, more than
half of the cloth machines and 2/5 of the powder and ink were destroyed.
Thankfully
Unfortunately, the Rong
family still controls the remaining factories
In 1948, on the eve of the collapse of the national government, Shanghai
’s economy was gradually paralyzed
, and people in the business community moved their capital
overseas . There was also a big turmoil within the
Rong family. Rong Hongyuan, the eldest son of Rong Zongjing, was involved in foreign exchange purchases He
was sentenced to probation by the national government and
paid a fine of 1 million US dollars before he was done. He
was very depressed for a time
and finally left for Brazil.
His younger brother Rong Hongsan,
Rong Hongqing and Rong Desheng's son Rong Erren
and Rong Yanren also left Shanghai successively. The outflow of
funds made Rongde Angry and indignant, he said that he had never done anything wrong in his
life
, so he fled abroad.
At the last moment, Rong
Desheng and his son Rong Yiren chose to stay in the mainland
. After the founding of New China,
34-year-old Rong Yiren succeeded his father and
became the second generation helm of the Rong family.
This seemingly proper rich second generation
does not appear to be a dude
at all. He works from the bottom of the factory, eats and sleeps
with the workers, and
is deeply supported by
the workers. Premier Zhou Enlai
attached great importance to them.
They personally met Rong Yiren.
Chairman Mao also visited Shanghai Rongjia Textile Factory to
inspect
the
work .
Raw materials
, purchasing
products
, entrusted processing and other methods have given great support to Rong 's
enterprises. Rong Yiren also upholds the concept of "a drop of water and a
spring
of repayment"
. In the
transformation of public-private partnerships,
Rong Yiren took the lead in responding to the call
, incorporating the entire family business into state-owned assets and
implementing
public-private partnerships
, for which he was awarded the title of Red Capitalist.
Later , Rong Yiren successively served as the
deputy minister of the Ministry of Textile Industry and the consultant of
the National Import and Export Management Committee.
Reform in 1979 After opening up, with
the support of Deng Xiaoping, Rong Yiren founded the China International Trust and Investment Corporation,
which is the predecessor of today's CITIC Group.
He personally formulated the company's first founding document.
In the first year of the company's establishment,
Rong Yiren received guests from
more than 40 countries and
More than 4,000 guests
in
the region negotiated business with them,
even the former US Secretary of State Henry
Kissinger as a consultant. In 1987, Rong Yiren was named one of the world's
50 famous entrepreneurs.
This is the first time a Chinese entrepreneur was selected for this selection
. Rong Yiren of CITIC Group also
ascended the throne of China's richest man
in the 1990s. In 1993,
Rong Yiren
resigned from the position of chairman of CITIC and
became the vice chairman of the country.
During his five-year tenure,
he focused on the country
's economic construction and
visited the United States successively.
In Britain , Japan, Portugal
, Spain and other countries , Rong Yiren died of illness in Beijing in 2005 at the
age of 89.
The tiger father had no
dogs . After
Rong Yiren, Rong Zhijian, the third generation at the helm of the Rong family, was
also a legendary entrepreneur.
Rong Zhijian was born in Shanghai in 1942 and was born in
1959 . He graduated from Nanyang Model Middle School
in 1960. He was admitted to the Department of Electrical Engineering of Tianjin University in 1960 to
study power plant power network and power system. When he was
in college, he
was a professional baseball player
and represented the Tianjin team in national competitions. After the
Cultural Revolution
, Rong Zhijian decided to go abroad . In
1978, he went to Hong Kong alone to join his
cousin , and finally earned 7 billion net worth
by running Aika Electronics Company. In 2002, he became a Chinese
The richest man in the country
When he learned that
the Baojie Bridge built by his grandfather Rong Desheng
had
caused serious traffic problems due to too many tourists around him, he
decisively donated 30 million yuan
to build a new bridge 10 meters east of the old bridge.
It has also become a good story in the local area. In addition
, Rong Zhijian attaches great importance to education. He has donated tens of millions of yuan to Jiangnan University,
Tianjin University, and
Tsinghua University
in the name of various education funds.
In 2008, Wenchuan Earthquake,
Rong Zhijian immediately
donated to the disaster area He donated 50 million Hong Kong dollars , and
donated 10 million Hong Kong dollars each to Sichuan Aba Autonomous Prefecture and Dujiangyan City.
Now Rong Zhijian has retired to the background
. His three children are still
engaged in business-related work,
especially the eldest son Rong Mingjie, who is in
charge of many companies and
is regarded as He
is the main successor of
the Rong family. Except for Rong Yiren, almost all
the descendants of the Rong family who
went overseas have made outstanding achievements in politics and business.
Rong Zhijian’s
cousin Rong Zhikuan is the president of Brazil Global Company and has great
influence in Brazil. Very big.
Rong Zhijian ’s cousin Rong Zhimei
is known as a strong woman in the German business world and
has been promoting the development of trade between China and Germany. Her cousin Rong
Hailan is
the founder of the American Dragon Group.
Because of her outstanding contributions, she was knighted as a Malta
Someone once summed up the achievements of the four generations of the Rong family: the
first generation
started from scratch,
the second generation passed on an alternative inheritance,
the third generation started a business in a different way, and the
fourth generation accumulated a lot of
money . The family has survived the wind and rain, but it has always stood firm. The family motto established by Rong Desheng
back then: make high-level
wishes , form medium-level relationships
, and enjoy low-level blessings.
Choose a high place to stand
, sit on a flat place, and walk
toward a wide place.
This is also what the Rong family has been practicing for a
hundred years Proverbs of Xing
Well , that’s the end of today’s story.
Thank you for watching
. Interested friends are welcome to subscribe to our channel
and turn on the little bell to receive our updates.
Thank you everyone
