Hello everyone,
this is the best partner
. I am Dafei. Recently
, this large AI model has been pushed to the
forefront because of GPT4.0 ChatGPT
Wenxin Yiyan and
other things.
We have also made many programs
to introduce related progress.
Domestic There are also some big guys who have started to end
, including Wang Huiwen, Zhang Chaoyang and Li Yanhong
. They all started to say that they want to make AI large models
. Just yesterday
, Kai-fu Lee, the chairman and CEO of Innovation Factory
, also announced in the circle of friends
that he would personally form a Project AI 2.0 company
to enter The original text of Lee
Kai-fu in the field of large models is roughly as follows
. First of all, he intends to organize the Project AI 2.0 company himself. It
is dedicated to building a new platform for AI 2.0
and a global company for AI first productivity applications. It is
not only based
in China, but also convened globally. Talents
As for what is AI 2.0, we will introduce
the company Project AI
2.0 later
. It is not only the Chinese version of ChatGPT
, but also the AIGC of graphic and text creation
. Even products like Microsoft 365
Copilot are still just AI. The beginning of 2.0 capabilities.
Regarding the future of AI 2.0
, Kai-fu Lee and Innovation Factory
may have bigger ideas
. The funding and computing power of Project AI 2.0 will be in place one after another. The options for
the new company are absolutely dominated by the new team
. At the stage when the company was just established, Kai-fu
Lee will meet Come and
lead the team in person. After finding a suitable CEO
, the company will be handed over to the CEO.
It is said that there are already many talents from major global manufacturers
who have confirmed their intention to join this new company
. In addition, Kai-fu Lee also threw out
his submission in 1983. The application letter
to Dr. CMU, the paper has turned yellow
. The letter stated that
AI is the interpretation of human learning process, the quantification
of human thinking process
, the clarification of human behavior
, and the understanding of human intelligence
. AI is the last way for human beings to know
and understand themselves.
Lilu , I hope to join this new blooming
and promising future field of science.
40 years have passed. Teacher
Li Kaifu is ready to roll up his sleeves and work harder
. At an offline media conference on March 14,
Li Kaifu also shared his views on AI2.
0’s views Kai-fu
Lee believes that
AI has now reached the era of 2.0
, which is the most important era of AI so far . The
content of ChatGPT AIGC we have seen so far is just the beginning of AI2.0 capabilities
. So what is AI1.0
? What about AI2.0 again?
He gave an example of electricity and the grid
. He thinks that AI1.0 is electricity and
AI2.0 is the grid.
Electricity is a great invention
, but without a grid, nothing can be connected
. Electricity is a technology
, and the grid It is a platform. He
believes that AI 1.0 is based on the computer
vision technology with the CNN convolutional neural network model as the core in 2015.
The machine began to surpass humans in the fields of computer vision
and natural language understanding technology
, so it began to have The bottleneck of AI1.0
in the emergence of unmanned robots
lies in the huge cost
of collecting and labeling
data in the application , and these data sets and various models
form various isolated islands,
which cannot be used across fields
. Originally, many bosses Hearing that AI is good,
I decided to do
it. After doing it for a year, there was no result, and I will not do it in
the future .
Many AI companies said that they helped empower A
, helped empower B,
and created value for various commercial companies
, but in the end it was difficult to make money.
Because of
the high cost of money, this is why most AI1.0 companies have invested
a large amount of research and development funds
, but still lose money all year round
. Another problem is that AI1.0 is said to be amazing
, but it feels like it
is not so intelligent.
Simple replacement of artificial, no
cross-domain cognitive AI 1.0 also lacks the ability to scale like Windows and Android
in the Internet era,
there is no way to establish a complete ecological chain
Now the era of AI2.0 has arrived
, it is no longer based on basic data To
train the model
, let AI collect data from all over the world
and then teach it yourself
. After teaching for a period of time, a model is formed
, which is the basic large model, which is
the basic model of
the foundation model
. It is AI2 trained on data from all over the world.
The basic model of .0 has
several particularly important features
. First, it does not require manual annotation, and
can read a large amount of text
. Second, the scale is very large and the cost is very high.
To make this model
, thousands of GPUs are needed for training
. Third , it is Through fine-tuning and other methods,
it can adapt and perform a variety of tasks
. Various industries can evolve
different applications on this model,
thus overcoming
the limitation of AI 1.0 single domain and multiple models.
The first phenomenon-level application in the AI ​​2.0 era
is generative AI
is the popular AIGC
generative AI in China.
It realizes self-supervised learning without labeling
, and upgrades AI from assisting manual
to gradually replacing manual
. For example, suppose
we let AI read the first 9 chapters of a book
and then let AI read Write Chapter 10
and
compare the content written by AI with the content of real books
. After reading tens of millions of books , the model will
become more and more accurate through continuous optimization and iteration,
and finally form a model that can
be applied to different fields.
The basic large-scale model
AI 2.0 model can
not only learn text and image data , but also learn from voice and video, sensor data of
automation hardware , and even multi-modal data
such as DNA or protein information,
so as to gradually have higher levels of recognition such as prediction
and decision-making
exploration.
Intellectual ability
So
AI 2.0 is not just a chat tool for Internet celebrities
, nor is it just the production of AIGC content
. These are just the beginning of AI 2.0 capabilities. People
should not be limited by the space of imagination
. Li Kaifu also believes that
all applications will be AI 2.0 rewritten , but
this process is iterative
, roughly divided into three stages.
The first stage is human-machine collaboration
, that is, productivity tools will First of all, the upgrade is achieved. The
document tool is no longer a word-for-word input
, but the user tells the AI ​​what kind of article he wants. The
drawing software no longer requires the user to draw by hand
and can be realized through the description of the text.
At this stage
, humans and AI still maintain a collaborative relationship. Relationship
Screen and correct the content created by AI
to avoid fallacies and disasters.
The second stage is partial automation
. Some applications and industries with high fault tolerance
will take the lead in realizing AI automation
, such as advertising,
e-commerce search engine game production, etc.
The third stage is Fully automated
AI will become fully automated
and can be used anywhere. At
the same time, there will be breakthroughs in the field where mistakes are not allowed. Applications
such as AI doctors and AI teachers will become possible. We can feel
the creation process in
the era of AI2.0. Users Experience,
product business models are different
The users are different.
In the past , whoever did the repetitive work the best
could win and get
the highest recognized salary and social status
. Now who can understand the brand needs and user
needs most deeply
and describe them in very precise language
Want something and let AI generate it
. The upgrade of this productivity tool
is a huge opportunity to shorten
the creation time from 1 hour to a few seconds
, and reduce the cost of 150 dollars to 8 cents
. And these examples
are already real. Kai-fu Lee
also listed 6 fields
that will soon be subverted by AI 2.0. They are e-commerce/advertising
, film and television/entertainment,
search engine
, metaverse/games
, and
finance and medical care
. We won’t talk about the specifics.
Finally,
let’s talk about
AI2. Challenges and problems that will be encountered in the .0 era
First of all
, a big challenge behind AI 2.0 is computing power.
This year
, companies that make AI platforms or basic models
need to spend hundreds of millions or even billions of dollars to buy machines
, and they can’t even
buy them.
Under such a background, technology giants with strong
financial
strength will have a monopoly advantage
, making it difficult for start-up companies and academia
to make competitive models.
Secondly , at this stage , AI 2.0 cannot be completely correct
and AI cannot preserve the whole world. The world’s data
can only be compressed to form abstract concepts
, so serious
nonsense will appear.
More importantly,
AI is still unable to distinguish between true and false and distinguish right from wrong
. For example,
some ethical and false content.
If these technologies are maliciously Using
it will bring immeasurable negative consequences
. The speed and intensity of rumors will be greatly
increased. It can easily
kill a person or even a group of people socially
. The CEO of OpenAI once said that
although ChatGPT is cool
, it is a terrible tool. Products Judging
from the current development form
, AI 2.0 will inevitably increase the risk of unemployment.
Some top talents will use AI 2.0
to improve productivity and efficiency in an all-round
way . Then,
repetitive tasks will be replaced by AI 2.0. As for the people on the job,
they have to
seek career changes and skill upgrades
, including a high proportion of white-collar jobs , but
AI2.0 does not mean the arrival of general artificial intelligence, that is, AGI.
Humans still have many inherent talents.
Key abilities such as creativity,
strategic thinking,
cross-domain
common sense, self-awareness
, empathy and love, etc.
These deep-seated abilities that have not been understood
yet cannot be completely replicated by AI2.0
. The next stage is how to make AI not make mistakes
and make AI more efficient. A better understanding of human culture
and a better integration into human society
. This era is called AI3.0. It may
be a longer-term future
. Well, today’s sharing is here.
Interested friends
, please subscribe to our channel
. Our next issue goodbye
