Hello everyone, this is the best partner. I am Xiao Guo. I
believe everyone knows that Microsoft’s Copilot
may have been used by some friends , but
I guess there are also friends like me who have not caught up with the car
. Now I want to use it but find that it has been charged.
Now a new user You can only try it for free for one month
, but recently discovered a new product from Amazon
called Code Whisperer
, which is similar to Copilot and is an AI programming assistant
. It is a general
machine learning-based code generator that can also
provide code suggestions in real time when you write
Code Whisperer will automatically
generate targeted suggestions based on existing code and comments. This suggestion
can
be a single-line code block function
or even a comment
. It can also scan your code for security issues.
The most important thing is that individuals can use Code
for free Whisperer supports 15 programming languages
, including commonly used Python, Java and Javascript
. It can be integrated into your commonly used IDE in the form of plug-ins
, including JetBrains Family Bucket and VSCode. It also supports
Jupiter Lab and Amazon's Sage maker Studio.
Next, let's take a look at how Using VS Code is basically similar to
other IDEs. You can try it yourself
. First, open the plug-in management interface and search for aws.
Select the plug-in named AWS ToolKit and
install it. After installation, it will appear in the toolbar on the left
. Click the AWS icon to open it.
Find Code Whisperer in the Developer Tools below
and click Start. It will pop up the login method
. Select the first one to register with your personal email address and log in with the builder ID.
Then it will pop up a prompt
asking you to copy a verification code and then open the webpage to continue processing
. Let’s click this Copy Code and Proceed
At this time, VS Code will confirm to you whether you want to open the external link.
Here , choose Open
and do not choose Copy below
unless you have pasted the verification code you just copied to other places
or you have a cutting tool
, otherwise you have previously The copied verification code will be overwritten. After opening
the web page
, paste the copied verification code and click Next.
It will be a bit slow here. Please wait patiently.
Next, if you already have a Builder ID
, you can click the white button below to proceed. Login
Otherwise , you need to be a new registered user
. Enter your email address here, click Next, enter your
user name according to the prompts,
click Next, and
he will send a verification code to
your email. Go to the email to find the verification code
. Come back and continue to verify
. Verification
passed After entering the password according to
the prompt, you can create an AWS Builder ID.
Then he will ask you whether to allow the plug-in in VS Code to access your data
. After confirming, you can see the prompt that the operation is successful.
Then go back to VS Code and
you can see the Code Whisperer is already working
. Click this Pause Auto-Suggestions to make him pause the work
. After clicking, it will change to Resume Auto-Suggestions.
Click it again to resume working. In the status bar
below ,
the status of Code Whisperer will be added to the left. If
the previous The icon is in the loading state
, which means he is thinking
. If it is a tick, it means he has finished thinking.
When you use Code Whisperer
, by default, he will share the code snippets when you use the suggestions,
and use these data to improve his service quality
. Of course this is It’s not mandatory.
If you don’t want to share your code with AWS
, you can disable it in the settings
. After disabling, it will not affect Code Whisperer’s service for you
. Click this gear to open Code Whisperer’s settings.
Remove the previous selected state
. Except for the code snippet just mentioned
Code Whisperer also collects your behavioral data by default.
For example, you accept a suggestion or reject a suggestion, etc.
These are also collected to provide better services.
If you don’t want to share, you can
also search for aws:telemetry in the settings.
Just remove the previous selected state
. Let’s take a look at how to use
Code Whisperer. It’s very simple to use.
It ’s already embedded in the IDE
. You can use it according to the usage habits of the IDE.
You only need to write code normally
and it will be timely. I will provide you with suggestions.
If it is not triggered automatically, you
can also use Option + c to trigger it manually.
If you do not accept his suggestion
, you can press ESC or continue to enter your own code.
First, let’s create a TypeScript file
and write some Notes such as generating UUID,
you can see that the icon in front of Code Whisperer below has become a waiting state, and he will give suggestions
after a while .
When you point the mouse to the suggestion, a tool bar
will be displayed
through which you can switch between different suggestions
and accept them. Suggest or accept word by word. When
accepting the suggestion, he will fill in all the suggestions
. Word by word (accept) means you click.
He accepts a word or symbol and can be interrupted at any time
. It can also be controlled by shortcut keys.
Use the left and right arrows to switch the suggestion
to accept the suggestion It is the Tab
key to accept word by word is Command + Left Arrow
. You can modify it according to your personal preferences in the shortcut key.
In addition to giving suggestions based on comments
, Code Whisperer can also generate function definitions based on function names
. For example, calculateDaysBetweenTwoDates
can be seen in its suggestions. The type of the parameter is included
, but the return value is not set by ourselves
. Let's add it to
Code Whisperer. The code generated by the AI
​​​​algorithm does not guarantee 100% accuracy
, but we can try our best to get better results.
Here are some points about how to get
Suggestions for more
accurate codes First , provide Code Whisperer with more
codes. The more codes, the more accurate the contextual information he gets, and
the more accurate the suggestions he gives
. Second, provide accurate comments
. For example, "upload files to S3"
is better than "upload The result of "file" is better.
Third, import the library you want to use in advance
. This can prevent Code Whisperer from using other library files
or the library file you want to use is not your default option
. Fourth, use more accurate function naming
, such as the example
uploadFileToS3 just now It is better than uploadFile.
Fifth , split complex tasks into multiple simple tasks
. Code Whisperer can help us complete those tedious code generation
and those functions that need to be checked online every time we use it
. Before asking chatGPT, we had to do it ourselves. Paste it back
Now it’s ready and I’ll generate it for you directly into the code
. Recently, some people have been saying that Copilot is too good,
ChatGPT is too good, and programmers are going to be laid off
, but anyone who has really used it knows that
it is far from being able to replace a programmer’s
job . There is a long, long distance.
As for the recent large-scale layoffs
, I feel that it is more affected by the economic situation , so
there is no need for you to worry too much about
Copata, ChatGPT, including the Code Whisperer mentioned today.
They are all
tools for our use. It's like
a robot that slices noodles in a noodle shop. Do you think he can cook instead of the chef?
Well , that's all the content I want to share today
. See you in the next issue
