Hello everyone,
this is the best partner
. I am Da Fei
.
I believe I don’t need to say more about the recent popularity of ChatGPT.
Everyone also wants to know some
stories behind ChatGPT. So
a few days ago
, I made a
program about the team behind ChatGPT.
Today we
Let’s talk about the person who really
created ChatGPT.
The previous media attention
may
have focused on ChatGPT’s CEO
Sam Altman , but let’s not forget that Altman only joined OpenAI in 2019
and ChatGPT
is A purely technical product
, like this product
, most of the technical research and implementation directions
are
decided by the company's chief technology officer, that is, the CTO
, so today we will take a look at
the real creator behind ChatGPT
OpenAI’s CTO Mira Murati
Mira Murati
was born in San Francisco, USA in 1988.
Her parents should be Albanian
, but there are also some people on the Internet who say they are of Indian origin
. We will not go into it
. What is certain is that
this Murati is in
Dart Dartmouth College has obtained a bachelor's degree in
mechanical engineering
. I believe
many people should have heard of this Dartmouth College.
It is the world's top university with the longest history in the United States,
and it is also
one of the most low-key among the eight major leagues of the Ivy League. If there
is a chance
, we can Do a program to introduce
Murati as a summer analyst at Goldman Sachs
, and then
as a senior concept engineer at the French aerospace company Zodiac Aerospace
, but the two jobs were not long
. Her life turning point should have been in 2013
. He joined Tesla in 2010 to
lead the development of the Model X
, around which time
she first became interested in artificial intelligence
. Tesla was working on an early
version of Autopilot, an AI-powered driver assistance software
, and was
developing
AI for factories .
This led Murati
to think about
other ways AI can be applied in the real world.
In 2016, she joined Leap Motion
as vice president of product and engineering.
This company
is committed to developing a VR system that combines hardware and software
, mainly using gestures to replace keyboards and mice
. Murati She wanted to make the experience of interacting with a computer
as intuitive as playing a ball
, but she quickly realized
that the technology, which relied on VR headsets, was too early
because even a small error
would make users feel sick
, so Murati After carefully thinking about
what to do next ,
she came to the conclusion that the huge advances in
technology
must be used to solve the biggest challenges in her career
. So
in 2018, Murati joined OpenAI
as the vice president of applied artificial intelligence
and partnerships . In 2019
After OpenAI transformed from a non-profit organization to a for-profit organization,
Murati rose to the top of OpenAI's
products and partnerships. Senior Vice President,
don’t underestimate these two positions.
In fact, this is exactly what laid the foundation for the success of OpenAI
, because the earliest models
are all laboratory models. What is
most lacking is not data or computing power ,
but human feedback. Make the model
better match human intentions
, so OpenAI
has invested a lot of energy in this area
, including cooperation with various data labeling companies, etc.
Of course, this has also led to being complained about as a sweatshop.
In May 2022, she was appointed As
OpenAI's chief technology officer
, after she took office
, OpenAI released a series of
the most popular star-level AI products
such as Dall-E2 and ChatGPT.
I think this is inseparable from her influence
, because she made it clear that she
hoped that the public would come. Participate in the testing of AI products
instead of just learning in the laboratory. Only
through the adjustment mechanism of reinforcement learning and human feedback
can the large language model go on the
right path. Compared with CEO Altman
, Murati is in the direction of AIGC The thinking
should be said to be more rational and practical
. She will emphasize that the application of artificial intelligence
technology
should be a tool that can serve human beings
, not a tool that replaces human beings
. She not only supports the regulation of AI,
but also does not want ChatGPT to be overly hyped.
It should be said that
Murati not only
found many like-minded friends in OpenAI
, but also opened a new chapter in his life and career.
Recently
, Murati not only appeared on the news program "The Daily Show",
but also was interviewed by Li Feifei, who has
a long- standing reputation in the AI ​​industry
. Attention is also increasing. I
also hope that under her leadership
, this GPT-4 and subsequent versions
can once again make our eyes shine
, push AIGC's capabilities to a new level, and
truly
change our lives through AI. It's even better.
Finally ,
I asked ChatGPT about Murati's evaluation . Well
, it seems that AI can also shoot rainbow farts
. Well, today's sharing is here.
Interested friends are welcome to subscribe to our channel
. See you next time
