Thank you and good morning everyone. Uh
today I want to talk mainly about open
source. So I won't talk a lot about the
technology itself but more about why
opensource is so important uh and why
it's so important in artificial
intelligence. Before I talk how many
people here know the Linux Foundation,
have heard of the Linux Foundation? How
many people here use
Linux? All right. I knew at a conference
like this there's a lot of Linux users.
The Linux Foundation is more than Linux.
Today we are home to the most critical
software technology in the world. uh
whether it's technologies like OpenStack
and Kubernetes that are used to run all
the major public cloud service providers
around the world whether here in China
Alibaba cloud 10 cent Huawei bu in the
United States Microsoft Google Amazon
all of these service providers run on
cloud technology that come comes from
the Linux Foundation in artificial
intelligence we're home to technologies
ies like PyTorch and VLM as well as
thousands of other technologies in a
host of different in uh industries,
automotive,
telecommunications, film and more. At
the Linux Foundation, what we do is
bring together the world's industry to
collaborate and make markets using
open-source software. And we've done
that over and over again. Linux today
runs the vast majority of the world's
computing systems. OpenStack and
Kubernetes run the cloud. Risk 5 is an
open-source semiconductor instruction
set that is the fastest growing
semiconductor technology in the world. I
already talked about PyTorch. NodeJS is
a ubiquitous web building block. All of
these are homed at the Linux Foundation.
But today I don't want to talk just
about the Linux Foundation. I want to
talk about why open-source is so
important in the area of artificial
intelligence. This year was a big big
year for open-source
AI. Deepse seek was the cause of that
open-source moment. In January, a small
company here in China released an
open-source model that shocked the
world. The day that DeepC came out,
Nvidia stock dropped
17%. It showed that there are really no
competitive notes when it notes when it
comes to building large language models.
Now, don't worry too much about Nvidia.
Just yesterday, they became the world's
most valuable company again. So, they
have in fact
recovered. But what was important is
that the world woke up to the fact that
open-source is going to be critical for
artificial intelligence. Sam Alman in
February reflected that maybe open AI is
on the wrong side of history when it
comes to open source. He went further to
promise that open AI will be delivering
an open-source large language model in
the near future.
Mark Zuckerberg, the CEO of Meta, is
dedicated to an open-source AI future.
And Kyu Lee has stated that open-source
is the clear winner in AI in
2025. And of course, Deep Seek has
proven here in China that there are no
moes. And the innovation
continues today. Open-source LLMs are
almost on the same level as closed AI
frontier models in
eval organizations here in China,
whether it's QN3 or
Deepseek. So the question is, how did
this happen? How did this small
organization in China,
Deepseek, come out of nowhere and
release this incredibly performant model
under open source?
Well, for anybody who's been coming to
China for a very long time, I first came
here in the early 90s in
1991, you would know that in China,
opensource is not a new concept. In
fact, in China, organizations and the
government have been betting on open
source for a long time. Whether in the
early 90s where government and industry
were looking for open-source
alternatives to incumbent technologies
like Microsoft
Windows or the 2000s through
2020 where open-source was invested in
by industry here in China large
hyperscalers companies like BU Alibaba
Tencent and Huawei those companies beca
employees engineers became
leading contributors to global
open-source
initiatives. In 2020 till now, China has
heavily invested in open-source, not
just in contributions and new releases
of open-source software, but in
government policy that supports and
encourages open-source sharing and
investment by both industry and the
government in open-source collaboration.
Now, of course, China's not alone here.
In the United States, the technology
industry also bet on open-source a long,
long time ago. In the9s, companies like
IBM used open-source software to compete
with incumbent uh competitors and to
create higher level innovation. In the
1990s through the 2010s, there was
billions of dollars of investment in
open-source companies.
In the cloud booms of the 2010 to the
2020s, almost every cloud service
provider in the world built the vast
majority of their cloud infrastructure
together using open-source software. And
of course, today we're seeing that same
explosion in artificial intelligence in
the US. Now, there's a cautionary tale
here for organizations who think they
can go it on their lo alone and oppose
open-source and stay closed. In the
United States, we see a laundry list of
companies that fought against
open-source technology, tried to hoard
and control technology and ended up
either being consumed by another company
or going out of business.
Even companies like Microsoft who early
opposed open-source and Linux had to
radically pivot to embrace open-source
technology as part of their
transformation. Microsoft today is the
leading contributor to the vast majority
of critical open-source software. That
is a massive change from their
opposition to open-source just in the
early
2000s. So the question I want to ask
everyone here is why is it that open
source is so powerful? Why is it that
open source is leading to these
incredible breakthroughs that you just
saw from
BAI? Well, I'll tell you why. Because
open-source is incredibly valuable
financially.
Harvard Business School recently
published a study measuring the economic
value of open-source code. If the world
had to go purchase the open-source
software that industry uses to create
all of its technology products and
services, the demand side value, the
ability to purchase it would be worth 9
trillion
US. A stunning figure. Think of it this
way.
Think of modern application development
like a hamburger where a developer
chooses an open- source framework. They
use open-source libraries, open source
components that are freely available for
anyone to use in
public and they write only themselves
the custom code that they need for their
customers.
What that does is it saves
70% of the development cost for any
modern technology product or service
today. This is the de facto way that
software technology gets developed. We
will not go backwards from this moment.
In fact, open-source usage is
accelerating.
And remember this that open-source
software itself just publishing code
isn't good enough to really take
advantage of that $9 trillion is in
value. The world's most critical
open-source projects is not just good
software, good
code. It needs good governance. You see,
for fierce competitors like Google and
Microsoft or Alibaba and Tencent to
collaborate on the same software, they
need a neutral owner of that software.
They need a way to make decisions about
that software together. they need to be
able to promote that software so more
developers come in and contribute and
use that
software. That kind of governance is
very critical and something that I'm now
starting to see emerge here in China.
Not just good software, but good
decisionmaking, good collective
ownership of software. I see
organizations all over the world coming
together not just at the Linux
Foundation but at other
organizations making decisions neutrally
and together that process is
accelerating not
decelerating. So let's talk about the
economics of AI and and open source. So,
open-source AI
economics and why it is so important to
continue to embrace open-source
development in artificial
intelligence. Opensource drives
innovation faster.
When Deepseek R1 was released, almost
immediately hundreds of different
versions of Deepseek were released on
Hugging Face as well. All leveraging the
breakthroughs that Deep Seek created,
but then adding their own innovation on
top of that and making everyone better.
And this continues to accelerate as
every new frontier model comes out or
new forms of AI technologies adjacent to
LLM technology.
A recent study by McKenzie showed that
in enterprise
technologists,
76% of organizations who are deploying
AI expect to deploy AI, open-source AI
in their enterprise in the next several
years. This trend continues to go. But
here's the part that I really want you
all to pay attention to, which is why
open source is so important.
What people really want from artificial
intelligence is something we talked
about all morning. Drug discovery,
autonomous
vehicles, robots that can serve us a
healthy hamburger or help automate a
factory. You see, it's the
applications that are created using AI
where most of the value is created.
all of the infrastructure that enable
those amazing
applications can be a shared
asset and it when it's all shared it
pushes the cost of building those AI
applications down and lower and it
accelerates the creation of new
applications, new self-driving cars, new
robotic systems, more medical
breakthroughs. At the Linux Foundation,
what we want to see is as much
open-source infrastructure components as
you can possibly have so that
application developers and users of
artificial intelligence can create
amazing applications as quickly as
possible. Those that fear the
commoditization of lower levels of
technology are generally the weakest in
this ecosystem. But those that are
fearless about open sourcing their
technology tend to innovate at the
highest
level. So finally I want to conclude
with what we're seeing in the United
States in open-source around AI and that
is of course the rise of agentic AI
which we talked a little bit about this
morning.
Now you know how I just told you how at
the infrastructure layer open source
pushes cost down drives innovation up at
to the application level but when we
talk about agentic AI there's actually a
level on top of that around the AI
agents and here's what we're seeing
emerge in the United States as the
modern agentic AI stack what we see
clearly is the emergence of protocols
like
MCP. We're seeing the emergence of new
open registries that help people
discover and validate and secure AI
agents. We're seeing a whole new
ecosystem of MCP servers and clients
that people are collectively developing
in order to create new agent
experiences, new agent orchestrators.
If you haven't started looking at the
activity around MCP and that ecosystem,
this is something definitely worth
looking at right now because what AI
agent technology does is it hooks the
intelligence of a frontier model to
something that's useful to an enterprise
or a service. And it's that last mile
that really matters in creating these
rich applications and these useful AI
agents. And what we will see is the same
thing that we've seen in every use of
open-source. Cost will go down,
security, reliability will go up, and
innovation will rise rapidly.
We see all the major labs embracing
technology like
MCP. A host of new open-source
initiatives. A2A from Google Agency from
Cisco and a variety of others are
emerging in the United States. All of
these are worth
watching. What I want to leave you with
today is one thought.
First,
open-source accelerates
innovation. Even though open-source is
free and publicly available for everyone
to use, it actually increases economic
opportunity because it puts this
technology in more people's hands.
But the real secret to open source is
the global collaboration that happens
completely in the open for anyone to
participate in and anyone to use.
33 years ago, Lenus Torvald, who was
living in Helsinki, Finland,
open-sourced the Linux
kernel and he became the most successful
software developer in the world over 30
years. Linux now still is maintained by
Lenus Torvalds and it is the most widely
used software on earth.
But the interesting thing about Lenus
Torvalds is all he needed to participate
in open source was a computer and a
connection to the internet. And what I
see every day working at the Linux
Foundation where millions of developers
work together on those critical projects
you saw is that none of us know in the
world where the next leanest Torva is
going to come from. The next leanest
tovaults could be in this room
today. And all that brilliant engineer
needs to do is to access the incredible
technology that is being released into
open
source, modify it, change it, become a
leader, and we may see the next leanest
Horbalds come from right in this room
creating incredible technology that will
be good to all of us. So let's make sure
that we keep open source open that we
keep open source a crossborder global
collaboration that's free for anyone
from anywhere to participate at any time
because you never know where the next
Linux or the next Lenus Tobalts will
come from. Thank you very much.
