Hello everyone,
this is the best partner
. I’m Dafei.
Tonight ,
Tencent disclosed its financial report for the fourth quarter and the whole year of 2022. After
reading it, I can’t help but say that
Tencent’s life in 2022 is really not easy. Revenue
growth It has stagnated , but
thanks to layoffs and various cost cuts
, profits have actually grown quite well.
Another interesting thing is that
although Tencent has variously reduced costs and tightened internal positions
, the employees who are still staying at Tencent should be quite comfortable,
because according to the financial report,
Tencent gave Employee salaries and benefits have increased.
In addition, in Tencent's financial report, the growth of
the old pillar business games and Tencent Finance
, including Tencent Cloud, has slowed down
. This is likely to
be affected by the epidemic and policy regulation
. With the improvement of the epidemic As well as the release of the version number,
this part of the business may resume growth
, but it is hard to say how much growth will be.
For Tencent
, the mini program and video account have become new growth points
. As for these two products
, how much will they continue to grow?
To drive Tencent's growth
, it depends on the actual situation
. Okay, let's not talk nonsense . Let's talk about Tencent's financial report in detail
. The first point is that Tencent's revenue growth has stagnated.
Tencent
's revenue
has encountered a huge challenge in 2022. It shows that Tencent’s revenue in 2022 will total 554.55 billion yuan, a year-on-year
decrease of 1%.
Specifically, in the fourth quarter
,
Tencent ’s revenue will be
145 billion yuan , a year-on-year increase of less than 1%.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, the revenue of
Tencent's
game business has also dropped by 2%
, of which the game revenue in the local market has dropped by 6%
to 27.9 billion yuan. Compared
with
domestic game revenue
, international game revenue still maintains growth
. In the fourth quarter ,
international game revenue increased by 5%
year-on-year,
and the year-on-year increase was 3
%. The year-on-year increase in the number of active
accounts
will reach a new high during the Spring Festival holiday in 2023.
With the re-issue of version numbers
, Tencent’s game business
may grow again this year
. Third,
small programs and video numbers drive advertising.
Growth It is worth
noting that after more than a year of sluggishness ,
Tencent's online advertising revenue finally ushered in double-digit growth in the fourth quarter,
a year-on-year increase of 15%
. The total advertising revenue has returned
to the level of the fourth quarter of 2020. This is also a historical high for advertising revenue
, and this growth
is mainly due to the pull of video accounts and small programs.
Tencent
said in its financial report that
it benefited from the strong demand for video accounts
and small program advertisements
, as well as the recovery of mobile advertising alliances, social and other advertisements. Revenue increased by 17%
to a total of RMB 21.4 billion.
At the same time ,
Tencent disclosed that the usage time of
Mini Programs and Video Accounts
was twice and three times that of the same period last year, respectively
, exceeding the usage time of Moments
. The transaction volume of Mini Programs in 2022 up to trillions of yuan
diverted to Merchants, enterprises
, WeChat and Mini Programs’ advertisements
accounted for more than 1/3 of WeChat’s advertising revenue.
Mini Programs
also contributed more than 10% of Tencent’s commercial payment amount
. However, Tencent still refuses to disclose the specific operation information of
the video account . Fourth Point
Tencent
technology and enterprise services are still not very prosperous . The financial technology and
enterprise service business that used to be the dark horse of Tencent's internal growth,
that is, Tencent Cloud, performed poorly
in the fourth quarter
. According to the financial report, at the end of
the fourth
quarter
, this part of revenue fell by 1%
to 47.2 billion yuan
, Tencent explained that
this was due to the outbreak of the epidemic, which
temporarily
suppressed payment activities . At the same time, due to
Tencent ’s cut of Tencent Cloud’s business earlier last year,
the revenue of the enterprise service business
also declined year-on-year.
Enterprise service revenue fell quarterly
for the first time .
However, Tencent also said that
with the recovery of Chinese consumption
, in the first quarter of this year
,
the average daily commercial payment amount of Tencent Finance, also known as WeChat Pay,
experienced a double-digit year-on-year growth rate
, which may indicate that
this part The business will come out of the doldrums this year. The fifth
point is that marketing expenses will be halved
. Tencent’s profit has improved.
Although Tencent’s revenue growth has stagnated
, but due to active cost reduction and efficiency
enhancement ,
Tencent’s profit has improved significantly.
According to the financial report in 2022
In the fourth quarter of 2019, the net profit was 106.27 billion yuan
, a year-on-year increase of 12%.
Under non-IFRS,
the net profit was 29.71 billion yuan
, a year-on-year increase of 19%.
The biggest contribution to the improvement of Tencent's profit
is marketing expenses
. According to the financial report
In the fourth quarter,
Tencent cut nearly half of its sales and
marketing expenses,
a
quarterly reduction of 5.5 billion yuan
. The proportion of revenue from this part of expenses dropped
from
8% in the same period last year to 4% . In 2022,
Tencent 's sales and marketing Expenses
fell by 28% year-on-year, a decrease of 11.365 billion yuan a year
. At the same time
, Tencent is also working hard to reduce costs. In
the fourth quarter
, Tencent’s revenue cost fell
by 4% year-on-year to 83.1 billion yuan , a decrease of 3.2 billion yuan , reflecting
Tencent’s channel distribution costs
and The tightening of cloud project deployment costs
Sixth
point, despite the layoffs
, the cost of salaries and benefits for Tencent employees has risen.
As we all know
, Tencent actually started layoffs in 2022
, but
the intensity of
layoffs is not too great. The number of Tencent employees in the quarter was 108,436, a decrease of 4,335
from the same period last year, and a decrease of 400 from the previous quarter.
However , despite the reduction in the number of employees
, Tencent’s total salary cost increased by 11.4 billion yuan
compared to
the same period last year
. The annual per capita salary cost reached
At the same time
,
Tencent ’s general and administrative expenses have also increased significantly
. In 2022, general and administrative expenses will increase by 19% year-on-year
to RMB 106.7 billion.
Tencent said that
this is due to research and development expenses and employee costs. The increase
also includes the impact of the acquisition of overseas companies
. The above figures
seem to show that
the salaries and benefits of Tencent’s internal employees are large.
However , some friends also said
that this may be due to Tencent’s
layoffs and compensation
. We do n’t
know the specific reasons. Well, let’s analyze Tencent’s financial report
and see if Tencent can bottom out this year
. Okay . That's all for today's sharing.
Interested friends,
welcome to subscribe to our channel and see
you next time
