Hello everyone, I am Da Fei.
Today I will introduce to you
3 websites where you can play games online for free,
including
various classic games on multiple platforms such as arcade, FC, GBA, DOS, etc. I
believe that everyone born after 7080
must be familiar with them
. Now
let us Let’s start recalling the happy childhood days
. The first website is the game time in the 1980s.
This website has three advantages. First
, the interface is relatively refreshing
, although there are some placeholder advertisements
, but it does not affect the browsing and gaming experience at all.
Second, it provides some classic DOS Games like
Legend of Sword and Fairy,
Red Alert, Legend of
Jin Yong
Heroes, etc. I have made
a website before that specifically introduces online DOS games.
Although the number of games is not as large as that website,
they are also absolutely classic games .
You can also Experience it. The third
advantage is that the game loads fast, the
interface is clean, and it
supports
common functions such as full screen,
pause save , and reload .
I personally think there are three shortcomings. The
number is slightly less, mainly
some familiar classic games
. Of course, for players who like to play stand-alone games,
this website is also completely sufficient.
The second website is Little Overlord
. There are a lot
of modified games. The
second is that the game supports cheats, which can be
cheated, which
is more suitable for some players who like to pass the level quickly. The
third is that it supports online halls.
You can choose to create your own room
, or you can choose to join someone else's room.
After entering the nickname and password,
you can You can play against other players. The disadvantages of
this website are:
first, there are a lot of pop-up ads on the website,
especially
the position of some windows on the game interface
is unreasonable, which
affects the experience;
second, the
game loading is a bit slow ; In the case of synchronization
or disconnection, the
third website is Play Space, which needs
to scan the QR code to log in on WeChat
. Compared with the previous two websites introduced, it has a significantly higher degree of
commercialization .
In addition to the more complete types of games and the greater
number of games,
it has also made improvements to the games. Classification
is easy for players to find
. The interface of the game is relatively clean.
There are no
advertisements. It
supports various functions such as restarting,
video archiving, etc.
The game loading speed is fast and the
picture is smooth . In addition to supporting stand-alone mode,
it also supports online battle and social functions.
When online, you can create In your own room , you can also choose to join the battle in other rooms
or watch the battle. Various ladder rankings have been added in the
social aspect,
and you can also watch the live broadcast of
your favorite game anchors.
Since it is a commercial product,
its golden fingers and some advanced functions
need to be purchased .
The stand-alone and online modes
are completely free, and
you can choose according to your own needs.
In addition
, it also supports WeChat public accounts and mobile clients. Friends
who like to play games on mobile phones are
blessed.
Well
, that’s all for today’s introduction.
Like it Viewers can subscribe to this channel and I will introduce more interesting websites to you in the
future .
Thank you for watching
