On February 19, 2023,
Zheng Linghua
passed away . On July 13, 2022,
23-year-old Zheng Linghua, who had just been admitted to
East China Normal University as a graduate student
, posted a photo and a paragraph
on Bilibili and Xiaohongshu
at 5 pm and 9 pm on the same day
respectively . In the video , she dyed her hair pink
and happily took the postgraduate admission letter to
the hospital to visit her 84-year-old grandfather
. The next night,
Zheng Linghua turned on her phone before going to bed as usual
, but was surprised to find that
two Douyin users had stolen They took her photo and
made a short video about the recruitment of the education and training institution
. She was described as an inspirational student who got
a college admission letter after failing the college entrance examination.
The stolen photos and short video
were quickly spread to Weibo
, Kuaishou Xiaohongshu station b
Waiting for more social platforms, more and more comments from
netizens , and
the popularity of tweets rose rapidly.
Overnight
, netizens labeled her as a drinking girl,
red-haired monster, and hair salon girl
. In just two days,
one tweet reached 2.95 million views and
Zheng Linghua's mobile phone screen
was also crowded with comment notifications from social platforms.
All kinds of offensive comments overwhelmed her
, and insulting words kept popping out of her mobile phone.
She locked herself in the room. Li lost sleep all night
, trying to isolate the Internet world
. She even thought that
if I died
, would the public opinion be able to pay attention to the cyberbullying
or make these people ashamed for the rest of their lives?
During the development of the whole thing, what
made Zheng Linghua the most angry was that
she had somehow become a After a promotional material
was discovered to be embezzled
, she wrote a letter of complaint to Douyin’s backstage overnight,
privately
lettering to the pirates , wanting the platform
to remove the distorted and stolen short videos
, but Douyin’s response to the complaint failed
and the stolen pictures The user also blacklisted her.
She tried to refute every comment
, but there were too many comments.
She could only sit in the room and stare out the window
in a daze. During the few hours she was in a daze, she
was surrounded by this pink hair The girl’s comments
are still fermenting
and have gradually evolved into a battlefield where netizens argue with each other. There are voices of
abuse and support
, but Zheng Linghua himself
just likes pink hair because he hopes
to look better
when
he takes
graduation photos and participates in performances. And this It is not the first time she has dyed her hair pink.
In the eyes of many people
, Zheng Linghua is a female college student who is not out of the ordinary.
Her college classmates said that
Zheng Linghua has a cheerful personality, loves
to read
comics , likes to sing English songs and travel, and
loves to post selfies and share postgraduate entrance exams.
Experience Hosted an English recitation competition
at school
, no different from most female students Due to
the extremely fast spread of the Internet , everyone around Zheng Linghua knew about it.
Alumni , friends and teachers sent messages one after another asking what happened
, but she didn’t want to explain further I
just said that my photo was stolen and I am trying to report it
, but in fact, what she is afraid of is that she will be misunderstood
by the people around her
and feel that she caused controversy on the Internet for no reason.
Since the report was not responded in time
, the bad words eventually spread to
Zheng Linghua . Grandpa , that is, the old man who was sick and hospitalized
, there are netizens She accused Zheng Linghua of hyping up her grandfather
and even
suspected
that her relationship with him was abnormal. What made Zheng Linghua extremely sad was that
she
felt that she had hurt her grandfather in a disguised form
. Zheng Linghua’s grandfather was not tall, and when
the thick
cheeks laughed
, their eyes would narrow into a line.
Retire Later,
she set up a roadside stall near the Jianggan District of Hangzhou , helping people repair cars, and doing some carpentry in her
spare time
. Zheng Linghua grew up in a single-parent family, and her
father
was busy with work
. Most of the time she was with her grandfather
, who
was her
The dearest person, when school is over in the afternoon ,
the grandfather will put down his work and meet his granddaughter at the school gate
on time . The old man lives frugally
, but
he is never stingy with his granddaughter’s studies and interests. In
junior high school ,
Zheng Linghua became interested in painting
, but her father
objected. Unwilling to pay the training fee. After
the grandfather found out
, he secretly put the registration fee into the hands of his granddaughter. In
high school ,
Zheng Linghua’s teacher discovered her musical talent
and suggested that she apply for a music school.
It was a very extravagant thing.
In the end , grandpa used his pension to buy a piano
for his granddaughter. After going to university
, every time he went home,
grandpa
would give her living expenses
ranging from a few hundred yuan to several thousand yuan.
Zheng Linghua used the money he saved to enroll in the IELTS class.
Studying
She feels that every award and honor she has
won is closely related to her grandfather
, so since high school,
her grandfather
has appeared on Zheng Linghua's social media more than once
, and she is affectionately called "little old man" in
November 2021 because of She was hospitalized with
cerebral infarction, myocardial infarction, and bowel cancer in the middle and late stage
. She thought of her grandfather on the hospital bed
.
He would be very
happy
to see her graduate admission notice. The video
was shot to record the moment when
the old man opened the notice . She can look back at it when he misses it later.
In addition to her grandfather,
Zheng Linghua ’s school has also become the target of criticism
. Some netizens have expressed dissatisfaction with her status as a normal student
and an art student
. Zheng Linghua is afraid that
these comments will affect the teachers’ opinion of her
, which will have a negative impact on the school
, and even cancel her.
Enrollment qualifications
So she couldn't help but reply to the netizens who attacked her one by one,
asking to delete the bad comments
and apologizing to her
, but
most of the replies she got were that she had a weak heart,
since she posted it on the Internet, she had to bear these things
, and more of them were ignored.
At the same time ,
some Relatives did not express their support for Zheng Linghua. The elders felt
that Zheng Linghua was troublesome and accused her of posting photos and
videos of her grandpa on the Internet
. Starting from July 16,
Zheng Linghua
did not go out
, did not want to eat
or sleep
, and even wanted to commit suicide. After
the incident happened On the ninth day of
July 23,
Zheng Linghua dyed her hair back to black
. Some netizens began to actively search for the remarks of cyberbullyers,
helping Zheng Linghua to report
and comforting her not to be affected
by these remarks. Normal emotions and life
Zheng Linghua’s undergraduate school Zhejiang Normal University After the
university learned of her experience, the Youth
League Committee set up a team
to help her find legal aid and psychological counseling
. On July 23,
Zheng Linghua
sought help from a professional psychologist at Tongde Hospital in Zhejiang Province
and was diagnosed
with depression. After seeing a psychiatrist
, Zheng Linghua made an appointment with a lawyer
to get support for rights protection. However
, during the rights protection process
, the social platform not only rejected her complaints many times
, but also the users who stole the video were still very active
and even posted Zheng Linghua
thought about seeking professional help from a lawyer when she blocked her
, but the consultation fee started at 300 yuan per hour
It was difficult for ordinary students, and
her family was unwilling to
provide financial support for this matter
, so she found a classmate who was studying law around her for consultation
. With the recommendation of her classmate, she
contacted a
lawyer who was willing to provide free consultation.
On the advice of the other party,
Zheng Linghua Thousands of saved screenshots of Internet violence were notarized at Hangzhou West Lake Notary Office ,
hoping to use them as legal evidence for future rights protection. The 4,000 yuan spent on notarization
almost used up all of her savings. The lawyer
also told her that if she had to go through legal procedures, she would
pay the fees .
It may cost tens of thousands of yuan
, and the winning rate is uncertain
. On July 21, after
the Hangzhou
City Express published related reports
, the lawyer Jin Xiaohang of Zhejiang Kaili Law
Firm noticed the incident of Zheng Linghua
and represented him for free.
Jin Xiaohang said that
rights protection will encounter the following problems The
first difficulty is that
it is difficult for ordinary people to initiate rights protection, and it is difficult to find the specific information of cyberbullyers and infringers.
Second , it is difficult to obtain evidence for the clicks of comments
. The court needs to investigate the actual number of clicks
, but the number of clicks on many social media platforms
is not real.
The third difficulty
is cyber violence. The language is difficult to define.
Some comments use abbreviations or emoticons
, which cannot be used as a qualitative vocabulary for cyber violence.
The fourth point is the timeliness of evidence collection
and the time span of rights protection.
The entire time span of rights protection
, including evidence collection, acceptance, and court hearings,
will be a three-part battle.
Months or even a year of protracted battle
, and there are many additional costs. After
the China Youth Daily published a related report on July 27,
Zheng Linghua appeared on Weibo's hot search.
Many netizens who have also been subjected to cyber violence
comforted him Encouraging her
, but at the same time
, Zheng Linghua's relatives came to advise her
not to expand the incident
. She tried hard to get rid of
the negative impact of cyberbullying on herself
, hoping to return to normal life as soon as possible
, but things backfired. A person who said she had known her for 8 years A friend said that
at the end of 2022, Zheng Linghua's depression relapsed again, and she
repeatedly revealed her business plans
. When chatting a few days ago,
her friend could deeply feel
her despair and helplessness , but
what she didn't expect was that
she waited a few days later. Her father’s phone call for the funeral,
as
the saying goes, there is a dragon
spring on the tongue, no blood can be seen
when killing people, may there be no more violence on the Internet
, and may pink flowers bloom in the
sky
forever
