And in fact the value is larger for
traditional companies. Once you start
using agents for digital workers,
digital CEO, digital twins and for the
entire company, you gain efficiency. The
sooner they do that, the the faster they
build up a lead and the moat. We train a
large foundation model to perform many
tasks and give this access from just a
conversational interface makes AI more
accessible even to my own team. By
empowering other people to get to our
level in AI drug discovery, we're making
our job easier. The whole definition of
AI needs to change. They think of AI as
a tool. That's already wrong. AI is a
mindset. It's a way to reinvent your
company.
>> Artificial intelligence has become a
core part in our mission. And today
we're going to talk about how the AI
reshaped our industry and even human
longevities. And it's been a great
pleasure to have two trailblazers
sitting here with us. Dr. K Lee, a
global AI leader, the author of AI
superpowers and AI 2041, the founder of
01 AI as well as the CEO of the
senovation ventures. Great to have you.
It's really been a pleasure.
>> Thank you.
>> And Dr. Alex Rancov, the founder and CEO
of Incilico Medicine. let the company
become the real leaders in the AI drug
discovery and help get the company
recently listed in the Hong Kong market.
Great to have you, Alex, and thank you
for having us in the Silicon Lab today
in Shanghai.
>> Very happy to host you here. And um
yeah, we we just listed under the ticker
symbol 3696.
Incilico has been at the forefront of
the AI drug discovery and I know Kyo
being a longtime investor and partner in
that journey. Could you share us more
about um how did you first notice Alex
and in silical work? I went to a
conference in Milin, right? It was about
10 years ago or so. And I noticed one
thing. Everyone said, "Have you met
Alex?" And I
>> Oh, you are super sting years ago.
>> And I said, "Uh, so who's Alex?" He
said, "He's amazing young guy. Still
young today, but younger than with long
hair and bangs."
>> Oh, wow.
>> And and they said, "You got to meet him.
He's doing amazing company." So I
figured well anyone who can influence so
many uh movers and shakers must be
great. So I did meet with Alex and I was
really impressed with his knowledge of
both AI and the biology.
>> And at the time there was really no such
thing as AI drug discovery. So I thought
that was a clear u area that Sanovation
Ventures was interested in. And also in
follow-up rounds, we kept putting more
and more money in until you're worth so
much money, we couldn't afford it
anymore.
>> Okay, very interesting story. So, Alex,
what is your initial impression on Kyu
>> when we met? So, he's the world
celebrity in AI and everybody knew about
his work with uh uh you know, Steve Jobs
at Apple and at Microsoft and at Google.
>> Yeah. Uh so he's one of the most
established AI scientists who actually
turned um AI into commercial success as
well. So we were first introduced by
Peter
>> Diamandis
>> uh one of our very early investors and
supporters and one of the uh people who
I deeply admire um he actually said that
look Alex there is one person you need
to meet in AI who you haven't met before
and that's Dr. Al Kaiu. This sounds
familiar.
>> He has the, you know, golden finger
after Sino innovation invested. Uh we
really realized the superpower that um
uh Dr. Lee
wields. Uh he invited us to present at
one of his AGM meetings and that uh
presentation was viewed by more than 10
million people.
>> Wow. So when I presented at the event uh
and that gave us the superpower to hire
amazing people
>> uh we really um enjoy the privilege of
uh the spotlight in AI as well.
>> We would like to spend a little bit more
time on how we see AI today especially
after decades we see witness like
multiple waves of AI enthusiasm. Maybe
start from Kyu since you carving the out
the entire new model for the China AI
landscape. How do you feel about the
journey? Do you enjoyed it and how you
compare with your private chapter?
>> So at Sinovation uh we invested in 13 AI
unicorns.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh we invested very early stage they
became unicorns and incilico was perhaps
one of the ones we're most proud of and
there are others. Um, and they're all
doing okay to great somewhere in that
range. Yeah. But, um, I kind of felt not
completely satisfied. I was more on the
sidelines bystander helping, which is
satisfying in its own way, but it I was
always thinking, hey, when the next big
wave comes, I want to jump in and build
something myself. So, when large
language models started taking off, I
realized this was the opportunity I was
waiting for. And the idea really is we
saw agents and we saw enterprise market
and we saw that convergence to cause
companies to have not just workers but
AI workers and to have the CEO and the
seuite not just have themselves but have
a basically a digital twin
>> and that is what's going to take all
companies including traditional ones to
the next level and that is so large and
such a big opport opportunity. So we
spent the last three years really moving
in that direction,
>> right?
>> So So the major difference is that many
agent companies build B2B applications,
right?
>> But they're typically targeting
peripheral tasks. And if my life goal
was to bring AI to the main stage faster
than ever, I want to apply them to core
needs of companies, not just to replace
people, save money, but also to rapidly
and dramatically increase the revenue,
the profit, time to market, etc. So core
function that are create different
outcomes for companies, those are the
kinds of agents we like to um to build.
And Alex, I think like um maybe we d
into the drug discovery industry. Where
do you see the most common or the gaps
that the outsider from the healthcare
industry will still have when we're
talking about apply the AI technology
into this field?
>> Sure. So when it comes to AI for drug
discovery,
>> yeah,
>> we need to look at productivity metrics.
>> Yeah. So think of it as
a a car car business. So and you are
Ferrari and you're competing with
Lamborghini and you're competing with
Bugatti. When it's early, you are
looking from zero to 100. How quickly it
can go? How much does it cost? So just
like with the car philosophy, we try to
go from zero to PCC one stage before
human clinical trials. How efficacious
and high quality is your molecule and
how novel it is. So there are very very
specific criteria after preclinical
candidate uh everything is very
regulated. You cannot move faster than
the speed of traffic. So what we need to
do we need to cut this and we go from
zero to developmental candidate usually
around 13 months. However we try to
increase the level of novelty. So if you
were to ask SpaceX, okay, what's your
secret sauce? Is it AI? Is it uh the
engine?
>> The reality is is the ability to launch.
So we started building the capability of
consistently delivering those PCCs that
later do not fail. 28 PCC's and 12
reached IND so reached clinic.
>> So
>> that is a big deal.
>> Yeah.
>> I cannot wait to utilize Dr. Kyu's um 01
technology, the boss AI to actually make
myself even more efficient. I want to be
the agent of AI where AI controls even
me.
>> I know like both of you must have
already seen the news there. is weeks
ago there's a guy in Sydney an engineer
work with the university labs just using
the chat JPT and FORS and then they
develop like the personalized mRNA
vaccine on his dog it is a like a lot of
attention from the public
>> it's a way to attract attention
>> yeah that's really draw a lot of
attention from the
>> uh the reason why we have clinical
trials and why we have iuvia for
example,
>> yeah,
>> is a very good reason because without
clinical trials, we don't know if the
story is true or not.
>> I'm extremely happy that um uh this
story uh attracted so much attention
because maybe some young kids maybe they
will feel empowered to use generative AI
to uh identify treatments.
>> Yeah. However, very often those
sensational news give you very false
confidence that uh technology works and
there is a miracle. The reality is that
we need to have a lot of hard work, a
lot of clinical trials uh in order to
convince uh the regulators but also
ourself that the drug or any technology
works. That is why those stories are
great. However, we need to be very
cautious. Right back to the very
cautious I think like TEU you feel like
okay it's not only about the health care
it's about like people may over
optimistic on the large language models
in a certain way what do you think is
the critical missing link if we talk
about like allows the advanced AI
>> to cross the chasm into the mainstream
industrial adoption. Yeah. Where do you
see is a link missing link there?
>> Well, I think industrywide
um there is a tremendous um belief now.
Yeah, there's no doubt AI adds
productivity.
>> So what is really stopping that? So
certain domains is going so incredibly
fast like AI for software engineering
for programming. Okay,
>> that turns out to be the first wave in
which in my company 01.ai AI engineers
are delivering 10 times the productivity
they were before.
>> Yep.
>> And it's not leading to layoffs and job
replacement. So that kind of
acceleration sets an example for other
people to be inspired and to believe.
Now the first set of industries that
will adopt it are the ones that will uh
solve big problems and uh create
tremendous financial value and drug
discovery is one of them. Although as
Alex said that is not for anybody to do
it on a hobbyist basis but really you
need the discipline and and the um a
validation of results but there are many
other industries that are also very
fast. Anything that's digital is very
fast to do right engineering is digital.
What's magical about software
engineering is that um it actually uses
a language that seems very difficult for
people. programming that seems tough and
but it's so easy uh when you have
natural language that could be
translated to something very structured
that's very easy there are other
professions like that so if you were
looking for investments law is another
one right
>> reading a legal document is really hard
for me but having AI translated to legal
is very easy yes
>> so going from uh natural language
unstructured input and translating to
structure That's the easiest. Then there
are ones that are risk-free that are
also very easy. Risk-free means, you
know, when you have AI spending money
from your bank account, that's
worrisome. If AI controlling your health
or your your um risks, that's very
dangerous. Um but having AI think about
movies, science fiction, entertainment
if it's too imaginative, hey the story
is more interesting.
>> Then there are other digital domains uh
financial payment, investment,
insurance, banking. Other than
regulation, those are also the next
wave. Mhm.
>> So the toughest one are the ones that
have um uh basically brick and mortar
companies that do manufacturing, retail,
uh mining, agriculture. Uh so we we
actually at 01.ai feel they're the ones
who need the most help
>> because if you go to a software house,
internet company or drug discovery
company, they already love and embrace
AI. But we don't want any industry to
fall behind. And in fact the value is
larger for traditional companies because
once you start using agents for digital
workers, digital CEO, um a digital twins
and for the entire company, you gain
efficiency and your d your knowledge of
the traditional company becomes a moat
because that knowledge means you have
the data in the industry, knowhow of the
data um of the industry feeding into the
agents you create. your agents are
becoming smarter all the time. Uh but it
takes a a while to create that data
flywheel. So as we are creating
enterprise software tools, we want the
people who need it the most, they may
not know it, but once you get it going,
the flywheel after a couple of months
starts spinning. I think then it causes
the society to move forward because I
view my dream and vision is to move the
world to recognize and use AI as quickly
as possible.
>> So I actually want to look at the harder
problem,
>> right? I would just want to
>> brick and mortar companies building
special models for them, special agents
for them and they're now seeing uh
tremendous return on investment.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Alex, I know in Silicon now
is partnering with the liquid AI, right?
And you also launch a new product called
science MMA gym. How does the gym work?
>> Sure. So MMAI gym stands for multimodel
AI uh gym for science.
>> Uh we realized uh that uh at Enilica we
don't want to compete in the foundation
model space developing our own
foundation models. It's pretty much like
you know investing money into a
microchip uh instead of making this
microchip semiconductor work for you. So
we realized that we want to focus on the
um very very protected space where we
are currently number one in the world in
our opinion uh which is drug discovery
and many other AI for science tasks
>> right
>> where we can take an open-source model
or a closed source model as well if the
company is willing to collaborate on
that to turn the model into a super
intelligent system for many many many uh
AI for science tasks. So at Encilico
over the years we created a set of
benchmarks uh of different tests that
are very proprietary that only us know
the answer to the question that we're
asking uh the AI model to answer. And
now we can utilize uh these smaller
models and our tests in order to first
test the foundation models that other
people create to see how good they are
at drug discovery tasks. Usually they're
very bad
>> and then we utilize those smaller models
as teachers to teach the large model
very specific skills. It's kind of like
uh if you want to create a super
champion in MMA.
>> Yeah.
>> In mixed martial arts, you send them to
Shaolin Monastery. And they uh train
with the best Shaolin monks kung fu.
>> Kung fu.
>> And then you send them to Brazil to
train with
Gracie family in jujitsu. Brazilian
jiu-jitsu. and then you send them to
Japan to learn judo and then you go to
UFC. So that's the MMAI gem. Take the
model into the gem, turn it into a very
capable tool and then distribute this
intelligence to everybody who wants to
use it. One of the foundation model
developers was liquid AI, liquid
networks. Yeah. uh they specialize in
non-transformer architectures that
provides you with foundation models um
that have very dense intelligence and
small models can perform amazingly well
in very complicated tasks. So they can
be deployed on cell phones on watches
everywhere. So we showed that with a
very small model 2.6 billion parameter
uh we can perform extremely well at
state-of-the-art or above
state-of-the-art and several drug
discovery tasks. So now what we are
doing we're partnering with um 01 which
is extremely competent in post training
and uh business workflows uh and uh they
actually know how to make AI work for
you. Actually, if we train a large
foundation model to perform many tasks,
put it into a prompt window and give
this access from just a conversational
interface, it makes AI more accessible
to more people, even to my own team,
>> right? So actually by in empowering
other people to get to our level in AI
drug discovery, we're making our job
easier because you're one is so good at
making things useful and practical,
reliable and trustworthy.
>> Please allow me to invest in you at some
now. I understand the concept of the
gene.
>> Yeah.
>> And and and careful, you know, the MMA
as well, right? So how how do you like
it? Well, we've been a a follower from
the very beginning about this technology
which I would call breakthrough. It's
not kind of widely known because it's a
very uh deep subject but actually the
users probably don't even know they can
take benefit from it because this is
about uh general ways to make smart
small to to large to medium models for
specific AI for science uh experiments
and starting with biology but going way
beyond that drug discovery material
science and others can be benefitial.
iciaries.
>> So, uh, of course, you know, we as 01
work with many industries to help them
train really powerful models, sometimes
quite small, but targeted for that
industry. We've done it for supply
chain, we've done it for agriculture.
Um, we've done it for retail. Uh, but
usually we hold the hand of these
traditional companies because they don't
have the skill set and it's been it's
been a challenging journey. So here we
have Alex and Incilico which has already
done most of the hard lifting. So we're
very happy and honored to be partnering
on this because whatever expertise we
can add and industry and sales knowledge
we can have you know we want to leave in
Silico to be primarily focused on curing
diseases for the world.
>> Yeah. And if we can add a little bit of
help to extend the reach of what these
great scientists have accomplished to
beyond to drug discovery but also other
areas, we're more than happy to to take
what expertise we have and and do this
together.
>> Yeah. So I I think like a follow-up
question is like um in the future, let's
look at the future. Do you feel like the
enterprise will rely on this ever
stronger general large language models
or you think like um that will enter
into the ecosystem like the general
models will be trained more let's say
deep vertical intelligence via the
platform like the MMA
>> I think both paths will proceed. I think
for the short to medium term uh they'll
both have different successes. Obviously
if you like a large closed model and you
feel it solves most of your problem then
you can just u basically be completely
committed to that one single supplier
and platform but that has a number of
challenges for some companies. One is
that is it gives you a good but not
perfect solution because it doesn't
quite um get retrained and refit to your
industry. Y
>> because maybe you want a smaller model
that knows your industry, your company
um and and people generally think about
these applications as chat bots, but
they're not right. Inventing a new drug
is not at all a chatbot. Changing the
supply chain for mining or agriculture
is not at all a chatbot. So I think we
have to be more imaginative about uses
and once you get specific to an industry
or a company you'll have specific data,
special applications, special ways to
measure the success of your model. Uh
then large isn't the main thing. Of
course the model you fine-tune and train
and perfect to your application cannot
be used for general applications. So, I
think that's just the likely outcome is
that for companies that want a really
tailored um solution to a non-chbot real
business problem or a science problem,
they'll want to find a way to do their
own. And using a large language model,
very large one that's hosted on the
cloud is impractical. First, because
it's expensive and also you don't have
the model, you can't see the model. It's
all hidden from you. So, how do you tune
it? Mhm.
>> So that's why this opensource approach
um and is a much better approach to fit
and also a lot of these businesses care
about not leaking their data to the
world.
>> Yes.
>> Or maybe they're right
>> there's intellectual property, there's
confidentiality, there's licensing
rights. So having a local solution with
on premise compute using an open- source
model with your local data never leaving
your corporate walls becomes a very good
option not only for uh the gym or for
science but also for banking financial
and many financial
>> Yeah. Like we all like this for the
pharmaceutical. Yes.
>> Exactly. Because your data becomes your
>> most Yeah. Exactly.
>> I know. Open claw. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So it's open cloud people so
fascinating about it. Everybody talking
about that and
>> it's already running half of my life.
>> And in Cynical you also have the panda
cloud. Uh does that mean that a
scientist just uh set a goal and the
panda cloud can do rest of the work? Is
that how it works?
>> We have a system at Encilica called
Panda Onyx. Mhm.
>> It can help you identify protein targets
in a very r wide range of diseases
including even aging. Uh and this system
is used by thousands of scientists
around the world.
>> Yeah.
>> And it utilizes multiple AI platforms in
one that we've developed over the years.
So ponder claw applies the open claw
concept to target discovery. So you
basically give it a task like go
discover targets with this uh with these
properties.
>> Yeah.
>> And forget about it and it will go and
create uh workflows automatically uh try
to identify new ways to discover targets
utilize all of the resources available
to it uh and all the skills uh in order
to try to achieve that goal. I
prioritize them, create reports for you
and basically anything that uh is that
deals with um deciphering the mechanism
of disease to understand like why the
disease happens and what's driving the
disease in specific context this tool
can do for you.
>> So who do you sell it to? Well, let's
say it's for the academic scientists or
to the pharmaceutical companies. Mostly
it's pharmaceutical companies because
usually well and some academics
>> uh pharmaceutical companies usually rely
on
massive number of vendors
>> who provide them with target hypothesis
target validation here they can deploy
pandlaw and the pondclaw system will
just go around and do the work for them
over time
>> is that replace some of the vendors and
>> or managed vendors
>> let's let's call it complimentary
uh because we don't want to completely
eliminate humans from the decision
workflow uh but I think in the future it
will eliminate much of the human
decision making because human decision-
making is often biased if you want to
come up with a framework where you can
take more risk uh where you can accept
higher novelty
You need to have AI that increases your
confidence consistently.
And I I think that Pandla is one of
those tools that will significantly
increase your confidence by providing
extreme overview of everything's
available about the target by putting it
in front of you and convincing you that
some novel target works better than
something old and proven to work.
>> Nice. And speaking of that, I think it
will be interesting talking about the
mindset change especially in 2026. Cafe
mentioned it's a year of enterprise
multi- aent deployment. What mindset
shift let's say do the enterprise or
leaders they should have to
>> have this intelligent be deployed as a
skill?
Well, I think what's already happened is
the enterprise leader, the CEO, yeah, is
aware AI is here to stay. AI is a big
deal. I must embrace AI. I think uh that
has been achieved. The second stage now
I think is very important is for CEOs to
start depending on AI for critical core
tasks of the company.
>> Core means what's the most important
thing for the company, right? For a
mining company is getting more tons out
out because they equate to revenue,
right? For an agriculture company, it's
revenue but also margin and profit. How
to make more money.
>> For a product company, it's time to
market, how to get more productivity out
of the producers or software engineers
in my case, in my company's case. So
when more and more CEOs shift their
mindset from the chatbot from the
customer service to this core function
that will make a huge amount of
difference and I think the challenge is
uh the the traditional company doesn't
typically the CEO doesn't understand AI.
The CIO understands a bit about AI
applications but they're not the ones
tasked with changing the company. Um, so
I think either the CEO just needs to
take ownership and say, "I drive this
myself
>> or when they need help, they might need
a chief AI officer and they could use
01.ai for that purpose or another
consulting company."
>> And I think the the sooner they do that,
the the faster they build up a lead and
a moat for their company within their
industry. And then the third thing I
think is very important is the whole um
definition of AI needs to change. They
think of AI as a tool. That's already
wrong. AI is a mindset. It's a way to
reinvent your company.
>> So the first step is not only a tool,
but you're thinking from the fundamental
what impact your company.
>> Yeah. So every employee needs to re
rethink the way they work.
>> Uh I'll give you an example for myself.
>> Yeah. I no longer try to think original
thoughts from from zero.
So I I do proud of my pride myself that
I am a relatively original thinker. But
I would always delegate anytime I have
an idea that's at at at u zero ground
zero. I always do deep research with my
favorite AI tool and have it produce
everything it can by covering every data
it has then have it summarize it for me.
>> Yeah.
>> Then I start thinking so I'm still an
original thinker but why should I be
handicapped by doing my own research
when AI can do it for me? Later I can do
my own research. So that's changed the
way I think as a person. I give that not
as example everyone should do that but
as an example that if a person has
changed the way they think out the
problem isn't that the same as an
organization that needs to rethink how
should it organize and tackle the market
opportunity
>> I think at the very beginning we touched
a little bit on the longevity and it's
definitely a very interesting attractive
topic and in as well we focus on
applying AI where it actually can
matters to the patient lives and like
the shortening the development cycles to
improving the outcomes and as well as
the expanding access. So Alex, I know
you have a a bold long vision theory
saying with the help of AI people can
live up to the 200. So tell us what
where we are today. How I say against
your road map.
>> You know when I started in longevity
>> Yeah. Uh I was actually more optimistic.
>> Oh
>> that was 26 years ago
when I decided that you know longevity
is uh going to be a big deal. And at
that time we also saw massive advances
in technological progress because we've
got mobile we've got the internet we've
got you know personal computer
propagating got social networks. Um but
now we are in 2026 and uh we still don't
have a single drug that has demonstrated
clinically that's clinically proven to
reverse aging.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh there are multiple drugs that help
you live a little bit longer by inducing
certain behavioral changes and certain
biological changes that could be
achieved through lifestyle
modifications, better diagnostics, etc.
But in terms of clinical proof that
something uh works in aging, we're
actually lacking that at this point in
time. However, the past five years made
me much more optimistic because at
Encilico uh we've managed to streamline
drug discovery uh to the level where we
can consistently launch from zero to
developmental candidate drugs that
target aging and age related diseases uh
from the angle of let's say metabolic
diseases uh muscle wasting
>> uh inflammation
and fibrosis and then uh we hope that
once those drugs reach the clinic we
would be able to repurpose them into
aging to test whether properly test
whether they reverse uh aging to some
extent. Now we see some early evidence
uh very very preliminary signs that some
of those drugs they um uh have very
promising efficacy in age related
diseases and potentially aging itself uh
using biomarker studies and I think that
those are early days. So I would say uh
five years ago
>> I kind of lost optimism
but now I'm back on track. I am again
very optimistic. I think that 200 may
not be the limit. the limit.
>> You know, the results of our work are
going to lay the foundation for many uh
generation of generations of AI uh drug
discovery scientists to come who are
going to try riskier. I'm talking about
just financially riskier uh bets uh
where people would be able to bet on
more novel mechanisms try more
approaches in the clinic where we take a
drug for a disease and then repurpose it
into more diseases more age related
diseases and biological processes and
then potentially aging itself. Five
years ago, Kathy, you have the book of
AI 2041, right? Right.
>> And that book you actually picture a
very visionary picture, let's say a
world where AI can decipher like the
very codes of life
>> and over let's say when you look back
your prediction five years ago.
>> Yeah.
>> What surprised you most? The speed of
the AI integration into the biology.
No, I think the book covered things like
AI drug discovery longevity, large
language models, um, education impact to
for for businesses, AI externalities,
safety, those were all correctly
predicted. Uh, probably the only
questionable um area is the speed
>> because it turned out AI progress faster
than my prediction.
>> It's factory. So you just have to change
one number in the whole book to make it
correct. AI 2041 should have been named
AI 2031.
>> Wow.
>> I missed by
>> 10 years ahead.
>> I missed by about 10 years. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Some suggestion or advice, maybe a
book, maybe a mindset, maybe a tool,
they probably should think as the
priority in 2026.
>> Well, don't be afraid of AI. It's here
to stay. It's a tool that you have to
use, have to learn, it will make you
much much better. Amplify yourself. The
earlier you learn, the more uh
contributions you can make.
>> And secondly, for every domain, there
will be ways to use AI that you should
embrace because it's not just using AI
to do the old job better. It's really
redoing thinking doing things
differently. Right? Before a software
engineer is given a set of um input
output and they have to write code. That
work is now being done by AI. But the
great software engineer who thinks in
terms of modules and integration and
product and users uh they can now uh
command uh dozens of armies of AI
software engineers to build this. So
code is always needed. it will be built
differently with human AI symbiosis. So
the earlier you understand what parts of
your profession will be done better by
AI, the faster it is you will move to
the areas where humans uh adds value. H
in the at the end end of the day it's
always going to be human AI working
together. It's not the case that there's
one pie where half if it's half done by
AI, human gets half less pi because the
pi will get bigger. What's limiting the
pi from getting bigger is human
limitations. Uh we think too slowly. Our
input is way too slow. Our output is way
too slow. So now with AI and humans
working together, the pie will easily be
much much larger. And in that in that uh
growth of the pie there will be a chance
for everyone. So be optimistic, learn
AI, think about how the symbiosis will
happen in your domain and go after being
the best that can partner with AI.
>> Yeah. So Alex, some suggestions for the
let's say biologists,
chemists
embracing the AI workflow. Any
suggestion for them?
Uh my suggestion is that don't be afraid
of it. Embrace it. Drug discovery will
be the last profession to be eliminated
by
>> one of the last.
>> Yeah.
>> Because uh it just takes so much effort
to validate the drug to a specific uh to
a specific point. actually think that
braintocomputer interfaces are more
likely to disrupt us um as humans and
improve our human life
beyond what's you know humanly
imaginable today. Uh but drug discovery
will still be done uh a little bit
slower than people think.
>> I personally fully agree with you. I
think that might be I won't say the last
but one of the last parts that can be
totally replaced by AI. I don't think
so.
>> I hope so. And I'm I'm hope that I'm
wrong.
>> I really hope that I'm wrong.
>> Yeah. That means that we definitely
shorten the whole process, the
development cycle, and it benefits the
humans. So total for sure.
>> So when I become 200 years old, you're
still going to be working in your field,
>> right?
