Hello everyone,
this is the best partner
. I am Da Fei.
On March 16th
, the Federal Notice issued by the US government showed that
the US Copyright Office, also known as USCO
, issued Section 202 of the regulations , affirming that
works automatically generated by AI
are not protected by copyright law.
Here In a 3-page explanatory document,
USCO stated that the pictures created
by the author
through Photoshop are protected by copyright law
. The works automatically generated by platforms such
as Stability AI ChatGPT
are completely automatically completed by robots throughout the creation process
, and the training data
is also based on works created by humans.
Therefore,
these works are not protected by copyright law
, so why did USCO issue this regulation?
Because as early as 2018
, USCO received a copyright application for a picture.
The applicant stated that this work was automatically generated by AI robots. In the end
, USCO rejected the copyright application
. The reason for the rejection was that
this work did not have any traces of human participation.
It does not
have the attribute of human creation,
which caused quite a bit of controversy at the time
, and the applicant also initiated legal proceedings
, but in the end the court upheld the original judgment
, believing that the work cannot be protected by copyright law.
From the end of 2022,
it will be With the popularity of AIGC,
more and more people
are starting to use
AI platforms such as Midjourney Stability AI ChatGPT
to
automatically create works
. Every day, a large number of authors send applications for copyright protection
to USCO . Based on market demand,
USCO needs to publish such A
public guidance bill
to clearly define the protected
boundaries and detailed regulations of such works.
For example, in February 2023,
USCO received a copyright application for comics,
in which the text part of the comics
was created by humans , while
the text in the comics
The picture is
generated by Midjourney.
USCO believes that the text of this comic is protected by law
, but the pictures in the comic are not protected by copyright law
because
they are generated by AI.
Why can
works created by Photoshop be protected by copyright law? USCO pointed
out that the creation of pictures
by humans
through Photoshop
is just like the creation of musicians through guitars and pianos .
They think that they are just a production tool , and
humans participate in all important creative steps
, which have the attributes of human creation . Midjourney Stability AI
or Is it an AI platform like ChatGPT?
In the creation process , it is completely done automatically by AI robots
, and
the training data is also based on human creations
, so it does not belong to the category of human creation
. USCO also listed another example of text
, such as you Let AI
write a poem in the tone of Shakespeare
This AI-generated literary work
is also
not protected by copyright law
, because this kind of work completely imitates Shakespeare in terms of format, tone
and tone , and actually infringes the copyright of others.
In addition
, USCO also stipulates that the author
needs to Clearly point out
which parts are completed by AI robots
and which parts are completed by humans.
If the parts completed by machines
exceed the maximum limit, then they
should not be included in this work
and apply for copyright. To
sum up,
in USCO’s view,
copyright law can only
Protects works created by humans
, and
it's a well-recognized fact , mostly because the term author, used in the Constitution and copyright law
, already excludes non-human beings
, but since the AIGC
is now in a period of rapid development,
the USCO bill has
also been challenged by Congress and Public requests to re-examine
the content of the copyright law related to AI-generated content
, and
held on April 19th, May 2nd
, May 17th, and May 31st for
AI-generated text, pictures, music videos
, etc. There may be some new changes
at the discussion conference on protection laws. In
addition, the AIGC has actually raised
many other copyright issues
. For example,
although AIGC’s works are not protected by copyright
, how to define the infringement issue?
These issues may be related Need to wait for one by one to be answered.
Okay , that’s all for today’s sharing.
Interested friends
, welcome to follow our channel and see
you next time
