Hello everyone,
this is the best partner
. I’m Dafei.
Yesterday ’s technology circle finally stopped
for a while. Dafei, I finally have time
to do other programs. I
’ve recorded a lot of programs before,
and I haven’t
had time to edit them . I’ll show you the follow-up slowly Come out.
On March 23, TikTok CEO Zhou was funded
and represented TikTok at the U.S. Congressional hearing
. After five hours of questioning
, the discussion included TikTok’s information security,
youth protection
, drug information, and program addiction
. The entire hearing process was extremely Seriously
, the problem
is far more acute than
when Zuckerberg attended the hearing in 2018.
Today I don’t want to talk about the content and process of the entire
hearing , because in my opinion
,
the entire hearing is nothing more than these congressmen talking to themselves.
It’s just a process , because Zhou’s answer is often interrupted
and you don’t let people talk
, so what evidence do you listen to
, right? If you
are interested, you can watch it online
. We are mainly doing a character program
today. Let’s talk about Zhou Shouzi.
I haven’t met Zhou Shouzi myself
, but because my wife is in the investment circle,
I was lucky enough
to meet her once . Her evaluation is that she is a very smart, decent, well-educated person,
a top-notch
Chinese .
This is my wife’s own words.
But I won’t be jealous. After
learning about Zhou’s background,
I actually respect him very much.
As for the farce of the hearing
, I don’t think he needs to
go for a black aboriginal LGBT, right
? Let’s see who
dares to BB.
However
, TikTok may also consider the company’s image. There is
no way to let Xiao Zhou suffer this grievance
. Let’s get down to business.
Zhou Shouzi was born in Singapore in 1983
and grew up in Singapore because of
his The Chinese name is rather convoluted.
I will call him Zhou for short
. Zhou completed
Singapore’s compulsory military service when he was a teenager.
This period of military camp life has had a great impact on him.
The most
important thing is
to teach him not to waste money.
Time With such an original intention
, he began to strive to do his best
in everything. Before retiring from the military
, he had already obtained the rank of captain. After
leaving the military camp
, Zhou went to the UK to continue his studies
and studied at the School of Economics, University of London
. In 2006, he received a bachelor's degree in economics.
Later , I found a job as
an investment banker at Goldman Sachs Group in London
. Two years later,
Zhou resigned at the age of 25 and
went to Harvard Business School in the United States to study for an MBA
, where he met his current wife, Vivian. Vivian
is from Taiwan, China
. The same Studied at Harvard University. Let me
just say a few words about Vivian
. Her background is also quite strong. From 2000 to 2004,
she
studied at Wellesley College in the United States,
which is the top five liberal arts colleges in the United States
. She also worked at Goldman Sachs for
4 years. Went to Harvard University to study MBA and
is currently an
independent non-executive director of Sun Hung Kai
, the CEO of Tamarind Global,
a family management investment company in Singapore. She is also
a member of the university board of her alma mater, Wellesley College.
Well , let’s go back to Zhou Zhou, who
graduated from Harvard Business School in 2010. Before
graduation , he worked
as an intern at Facebook. At that time, Facebook was still a start-up company.
He came into contact with the technology industry
and heard another sentence
that had a great impact on his life
. This is what Facebook COO Sandberg once said.
If you are told to board a rocket
, don’t ask where you should sit
, but go up first.
Because of this sentence, after graduating from business school,
Zhou
chose to join the Russian billionaire Multimillionaire
Yuri Milner is at the helm of the venture capital company
Digital Sky Technology,
also known as DST Global
. At that time, this future super investment group had just
been established
. No one knew how it would develop.
But when Milner extended an olive branch to Zhou,
he did not Without the slightest hesitation,
in a later interview, he explained
that the words rang repeatedly in his ears, it’s good to climb up first .
Because of his professional background knowledge
and fluent Mandarin
, Zhou soon became the head of Digital Sky Technology
in China . When he
first arrived in
Beijing, he
hardly had any network resources
. In order to open up the situation as soon as possible,
he frequently asked friends to help him make connections
and participate in as
many activities as possible. Sometimes he could arrange 10 meetings a day
and meet 30 companies
a week. There are three to five hundred companies.
With the development of time , Zhou’s understanding of business
and ability are also rapidly improving
. He believes that investment is a technical activity. In
the early stage , a lot of accumulation is needed to
achieve a leap from quantitative change to qualitative change. He is very
Pay attention to thinking. After work
every day
, you have to think about whether what you did today
is meaningful. Should you do it or
should you not do it? Don’t do
what you shouldn’t do. Just do more of what you should do
. He records all these things and forces
himself Think about it
.
Zhou will repeat this process every time he sees a company.
In his opinion, not thinking is tantamount to doing nothing. Everyone should learn from it.
A truly
smart person does not rely on recklessness
. He must not only have the ability to act and execute,
but also learn to summarize.
Thinking, the two
are indispensable
. Forbes once described Zhou
as a Harvard MBA graduate. He
talked quickly. It took
only one year
to get to know more than 20 main partners of top financial consulting institutions
. More importantly,
he can also think about his connections. John
Lindfors, the co-founder of DST, believes that
Zhou laid the foundation for DST to open up the Chinese market
, and he met Lei Jun during this process. According to
people familiar with the matter, in order to get to know Lei
Jun, Zhou first met Lei Jun as
a personal angel through his previous contacts. The start-up company he invested
in established contact
and then met Lei Jun through this company
until March 2011.
He managed to get the two bosses of DST,
Milner
Lindforth
, to meet Lei Jun
next to a coffee table in Xiaomi's crowded office
. Four I drank tea while chatting with each other.
In the end
, DST bought a 7% stake in Xiaomi for US$500 million,
creating
a classic investment case
with multiple returns. In 2015,
DST completed
a number of the most profitable investment projects in China
, including the investment in JD.com and Alibaba
, as well as the investment in Kuaishou Didi
, in which Zhou played a very key role.
In 2015, Xiaomi, known as the champion of poaching
I dug Zhou from DST to my side
, and through this choice, Zhou also
completed the transformation from an investor to a corporate CFO. Many
people should still remember that
Lei Jun was very excited at that time, and
happily posted a Weibo
, saying that he had met Zhou. One of the most outstanding investors in China,
absolutely rich and handsome
, since then
Both Xiaomi employees and Mi fans are used to
calling
Zhou the second most handsome Xiaomi
because the first handsome can only be Lei Jun.
During
his tenure as Xiaomi CFO
, Zhou’s most important achievement is that he
successfully
managed Xiaomi’s 2018 listing on the Hong Kong stock market. Did
Xiaomi go public?
It was
the largest IPO in the Hong Kong stock market at that time,
and it was also the first company in Hong Kong to have the same shares with different rights.
Although
Zhou’s report card is very impressive
, many
people who are familiar with him in Xiaomi know
how much effort he has put in for Xiaomi’s listing.
A young man who could have relied on his looks for a living
turned out to be more desperate than anyone else . When Xiaomi went public in 2018, Zhou shared a Weibo
saying that in the next year, even sleeping would be a waste of time
. Lei Jun once said in an interview Shi
described Zhou as diligent in revenge against the world . It is said that he would list
every investor he met in an Excel sheet
. The last sheet contained 1,500 rows. After the first anniversary of Xiaomi
’s listing , Zhou began to concurrently serve as the president of Xiaomi’s international department.
Xiaomi continues to expand overseas business. Even from January to March 2020
, when the domestic epidemic was the most severe, he did not stop.
He
traveled to Hong Kong,
Switzerland , Southeast Asia, and Europe in turn
for business expansion and negotiation. This
year, even in Under the challenge of the global epidemic,
Xiaomi Group's overseas business, especially the European business
, still made a historic breakthrough . Smartphone shipments
ranked among the top three in the European market for three consecutive quarters
, and
reached the top in the Spanish market for the first time
. The 2020 financial report shows
that Xiaomi The international business
has expanded to more than 100 countries and regions
. The total revenue of overseas markets is 122.4 billion yuan,
a year-on-year increase
of 34.1%, accounting for half of Xiaomi’s total revenue
. Xiaomi
Zhou also continued to use his investment expertise
, leading Xiaomi to invest in more than 270 companies.
Huami Technology,
Yunmi Technology Stone Technology
and other companies have been listed one
after another
. At the same time, Xiaomi has also established the Hubei
Xiaomi Changjiang Industrial Fund with a level of 10 billion.
From CFO to board of directors to becoming a partner,
many people even think that
Zhou will become a partner.
Lei Jun's successor
, but in 2021 , he suddenly announced that he was about to leave Xiaomi
and join ByteDance as the company's CFO
base. In his hometown of Singapore,
according
to people around Zhou , Zhou
and his family have been busy working in Beijing for these years
. In a prominent position in the office, a group photo of the family
is placed .
I set the mobile phone screen saver as a photo of the family.
I believe it is difficult to comfort the pain of being away from the family
. It is said that Zhou has a habit.
Whenever he tastes food
, the first reaction is to take a photo
and send it to the family.
I will add a sentence every time
, next time you come, I will take you to eat
, but no one knows when the next time will be.
Although the development in Xiaomi is very good
, after 18 years after leaving Singapore, going home has become one of his most desired things
. For Lei Jun, the beloved general who has made
great contributions, is reluctant to let him go
, but he still chooses to let go.
He called Zhou Shouzi a brother who has struggled together for 6 years, and posted a group
photo of the two
on his personal social media.
Despite all kinds of reluctance, I
still wish Zhou Shouzi’s students infinitely exciting life
. In 2021, Zhou airborne ByteDance
and became
the first CFO in the company’s history
. It caused a huge commotion and discussion.
Signal But only half a year later , Zhou resigned from the position of CFO of Byte.
He stepped in
and took on a more challenging role
than
CFO
. It has become one of
the most concerned projects on the global Internet.
Under the epidemic,
it ushered in explosive growth
. By 2023,
the number of monthly active users of TikTok has exceeded 1 billion, and the number of
global downloads has exceeded 3 billion
. The number of visits in 2021 has already More than Facebook,
there are about 115 million monthly active users in the United States alone,
accounting for 34% of the total U.S. population
. The emergence of TikTok
disrupted the original global Internet order
. Soon the U.S. government announced that it was considering banning TikTok
bytes and began a long mediation
In the midst of this crisis,
the previous CEO, Kevin Mayer
, announced his resignation after only 100 days on the job.
Even Zhang Yiming said
that it is never easy
to assume
a leadership position in a company that is growing as fast as ours.
During Kevin Mayer's tenure as CEO
, TikTok encountered successive administrative
orders from the Indian and U.S. government, intending to divest TikTok from Byte.
At the same time
, the world's technology giants are waiting to carve up TikTok
.
On
April 30, 2021,
ByteDance announced the answer
. Zhou Shouzi will also serve as TikTok's CEO.
At this time
, it has only been one month since Zhou joined ByteDance. Some media wrote that
Zhou When ByteDance needed him the most,
Shouzi stepped up and commented that he was the perfect candidate.
In fact,
Zhou and Zhang Yiming had a relationship
. As early as 2013, Zhang Yiming, who had hit a wall
everywhere , brought Toutiao
, the predecessor of ByteDance,
to find him .
When I went to DST
,
it was
Zhou who was in charge and decided to invest in Toutiao
. According to the analysis of industry insiders, Zhou was optimistic about Toutiao for three reasons
: 1. The founder is very powerful
; 2. He knows the general direction
; 3. The data
is very good
.
His internal appointment letter stated that
Zhou Shouzi
is very familiar with our business, team and culture. He
knew us while working at DST and promoted DST
to invest in ByteDance very early.
He once worked with Zhou at Xiaomi.
Hugo
Barra, a former Google executive, also believes that Zhou is the right candidate for TikTok CEO.
He said that
Zhou Shouzi grew up in a Chinese and American language and cultural environment.
Objectively
speaking , he is more suitable than anyone
I have met in the Chinese business community. As
a
double executive of a Chinese company that wants to become a global giant, Zhou Shouzi, who has been in danger for
two years ,
has also handed in excellent answers.
He is dealing with complex
and crisis-ridden policy and market environments. Environment
leads
TikTok to grow steadily According
to data released
by the market research agency Apptopia
, TikTok ranks first among the top ten global app downloads in 2022 with 672 million times.
In 2022, TikTok’s global revenue will be 3.5 billion US dollars
, compared with 23 in 2021. Nearly 60% year -
on -year growth compared to $100 million.
After nearly a year as TikTok CEO in February 2022,
Zhou also created his own Douyin account @Showtime
to show the public his personal life
, including sharing himself with fans watching the Super Bowl
When I met celebrities such as Bill Murray
, he
also revealed in the video
that he is a golf enthusiast and
a fan of comedian Kevin Hart.
Attending the hearing of the U.S. House of Representatives Energy
and Commerce Committee . Before attending the hearing last week,
Zhou posted a video on TikTok’s official account.
He said he had arrived in Washington
and asked TikTok users
what he wanted to say to U.S. congressmen.
At the end of the video, he said that
this is a critical moment for us because he may take TikTok
away from 150 million of you . At
the hearing, he was confronted by dozens of media outlets
and questioned by lawmakers.
Zhou Shouzi gave answers one by one in a
leisurely
manner. He is capable and cautious in his words
. His actions have won
the support of many American users
. Before the hearing,
his video received 500,000 likes
. It was less than a day after the hearing.
The number of likes on this
video has exceeded 2 million.
After the hearing , he also sent a further internal employee letter.
In addition to
reiterating his opinions at the hearing, he
also thanked his colleagues for their efforts and persistence
, for being able to represent the company
and everyone. He
is proud of the work he does every day.
At the same time , he also expressed his confidence
that TikTok can
become the most trusted platform in the world
. But obviously,
to achieve this goal, there are more difficult challenges for both
Zhou Shouzi and TikTok. We have to face it. Well
, that’s all for today’s sharing
. Interested friends, welcome to
subscribe to our channel
and see you next time
