Hello everyone,
this is the best partner.
I am Da Fei. On
February 27, 2023, the 53rd Screen Actors Guild Awards,
known as the vane
of Oscars, was held in
Los Angeles. The first Asian actress
born in the history of the Union Awards.
At the awards ceremony,
Michelle Yeoh excitedly expressed that
this award is not only for her,
but also for every
little girl who looks like her.
They need
to be seen and heard. She was even excited
at the scene Before that, Fxxx
and Shxx flew together.
She had won the 80th Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in
a Musical
Comedy category for this film,
and the Best Actress in
a Drama
Category was Kate
. The two will also be in March At
the Oscars on the 12th, they met on
a narrow road
and competed for
the best actress award
. Because of her extremely high influence in 2022,
Michelle Yeoh
was also selected as the idol of the year by Time Magazine
and appeared on the cover.
This is also the first time for an Asian actress to see What you can
see is the peak moment standing at the top of the pyramid. What you can’t see is every little rock accumulated underneath
. From her debut in 1983 to 2023
, she has played women for 40 years
. Michelle Yeoh just relied on her strength
to create a multiverse of a woman . Michelle Yeoh is a Malaysian Chinese.
Born in 1962 in
Ipoh , the capital of Perak, in a wealthy family
. My grandfather was the father of Malaysian transportation
and founded a bus company
. My father was a famous lawyer
who was awarded the title of
Nado. Michelle Yeoh loved dancing when she was a child. She
started learning ballet at the age of 4.
She followed her parents to England at the age of 15.
She was also
admitted to the famous Royal Academy of Dance in London
and received a bachelor's degree in drama and dance . She
had to terminate her dancing career because of a spinal injury caused by hard dancing. In
1983,
21-year-old Michelle Yeoh
participated in the Miss Malaysia beauty pageant with the encouragement of her mother
and After winning the championship
and representing Malaysia in the Miss World
pageant, Michelle Yeoh
began to have some acting opportunities
. In 1984, she
was invited to Hong Kong to co-produce commercials with Chow Yun-fat
. Since then, she has formed an indissoluble bond with the Hong Kong film industry. In
the same year , she made her film debut "The Owl and the Little
In Flying Elephant, she
played a weak female teacher
who was always bullied by students with tears in her eyes. The director and actor of
this film is Sammo Hung. Michelle Yeoh saw Sammo Hung's beating scene on the set
and found it
very interesting . The martial arts movements are like dancing.
Practice As a dancer, she felt that she could also fight
, so after the filming of the film
, she practiced boxing with Hong Jiaban. After
practicing for a few months
, in the movie "Royal Senior Sister" the following year,
Michelle Yeoh turned into a female beating girl
, which opened her up to 40 years later. The prelude to her female beating career,
the Royal Sister Michelle Yeoh
was nominated as the best newcomer at the Hong Kong Film Awards.
After that, she successively filmed many action films such as
"Royal Warrior", "Chinese Warrior" and "Tiantian Bandit". She
was invited to shoot watches that year . At this time,
the owner of the advertisement, Pan Disheng, also acquired the Debao Film founded by Sammo Hung
, signed
Michelle Yeoh as an actor
, and launched a passionate pursuit.
In 1988, Michelle
Yeoh
retired from filming and married
Pan Disheng. The family has been engaged in the watch and jewelry business
for several generations, and the business scope is not small
, but she soon found that she
did not like the life of the young grandmother
, nor did she like to depend on her husband for life.
After three years, the two short-lived marriages ended in separation. After
the divorce , Dicky Poon was very quick Remarried and
had a child, Michelle Yeoh quickly returned to the film industry
and continued to be her hit girl. The first film she
came back
was "Police Story 3 Super Cop" with Jackie Chan.
A director once told her that you can't
shoot a fight scene just because you are a girl .
This sentence made Michelle Yeoh remember for a lifetime
, and made her fight harder than the male actors
. In "Police Story 3",
there
was a scene where she
rolled from the front roof to the rear roof.
She had to jump from the
bridge
into the cabin of a big truck that was driving down the road
for the filming of "A Jin".
Although there was a cushion to protect her, she was seriously
injured and passed out on the spot.
If
you have watched the documentary "Dragon and Tiger Warrior"
, you should know
Hong Kong
movies
In the world, there is a profession called dragon and tiger martial artist.
In addition to
being a martial arts instructor
, there is another function
, which is
to act as a stand-in for the protagonist in dangerous actions. Taking risks and
getting injured is commonplace.
In the era without green screens
, it is really just jumping directly from four or five floors.
Acting in person
actually
did not use a stand-in less
, but Michelle Yeoh insisted on playing and dancing in person.
Any dangerous moves were done by herself
, and she brushed shoulders with death several times. Looking back,
she only smiled and said
, good luck
, with her desperate efforts,
Michelle Yeoh gradually
In 1997, at the suggestion of Woo Yusen,
she went
to Hollywood to develop
and filmed "007: Tomorrow Empire"
and became the first Asian Bond girl who could fight
. Many superstars ventured into Hollywood
, but unfortunately
, they didn’t make much splash. More Asian stars
can only play soy sauce in Hollywood
. It ’s not easy to get familiar faces
. Foreigners can’t tell the faces of Asians. Nowadays , they often become popular.
Michelle Yeoh, who was called by the wrong name, is not willing to be portrayed as
a stereotype of an Asian woman , such as
a fragile and fragile vase of the Ming Dynasty
, or a woman with a troublesome beauty.
She hopes to present what a woman is like today. She is smart, capable, independent and strong,
but not an arrogant shrew. She wants everyone to know that women
can be strong and sexy at the same time , so the Bond girl she created is a King Kong Barbie
, not a woman who can only wear bikinis
, but a strong woman who can wear bikinis.
There is a shadow of Yu Xiulian on her body.
Yu Xiulian is the protagonist of Crouching Tiger, Hidden
Dragon. It is
in stark contrast with the domineering Jade Dragon played by Zhang Ziyi.
Michelle Yeoh regards it as a representative of very traditional
and connotative Chinese women
. In Michelle Yeoh's cognition,
Chinese
tradition
The characteristic of women
is that they are always good for others
, with a lot of ambitions. The common tolerance in
them
is not weakness
. They just carry forward. If they are not forced by cultural pressure
, they must sacrifice for this and that.
They can create their own multiverse. Give Yang Ziqiong
scars several times I would also like
to stop making action movies
. I look valiant and heroic on stage , but
when the director yells Ka
, it hurts so much that I can only walk like an old man with a hunchback
. Either it’s light here or it’s swollen there. Broken bones and
tendons are commonplace. It seems that there is always a kind of fate
, that is , not winning an award
, maybe because playing plays will make the judges
ignore
the acting skills of the actors So Michelle Yeoh has been honing her acting skills
because she feels that no matter how beautiful the action is
, the audience will be bored after watching it for a few minutes
. Only
the emotions revealed in the heart
will
drive the audience to continue watching
. In "Fairy Tale", just a few appearances
left a deep impression on people. The forbearance and melancholy of love that cannot be expressed can
be played into people's hearts. In
Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon
, the scene where she hugged Li Mubai and cried bitterly
also directly expressed the director Ang Lee was moved to tears
, but after decades of debut
, Michelle Yeoh had almost no income. She was
only
nominated for Best Supporting Actress at the Hong Kong Film Awards for "The Song Dynasty"
and "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" was nominated for the Hong Kong Film Awards
and Taiwan
The Best Actress in the Golden Horse Awards was only nominated
but did not win the award
. It was not until 2022 that the film "Instant Universe" with full explosion of
sound and light effects brought her a full explosion in terms of awards.
According to
incomplete statistics
, this film has already made her She
has won 26 Best Actress awards all over the world.
It seems that she has made up for
everything
owed to her since her debut. In
the film,
she played the role of
Evelyn, an ordinary Chinese woman
who runs a laundry in the United States
. Anxiety So in the imaginary parallel universe
, she transformed into countless selves,
some are
glamorous martial arts stars (herself)
, some are blind singers , some are chefs
, some are sausage hands , and some are even a rock. My English name is Michelle
, but she insists on not wanting it.
She wants this character to have her own voice
. It is the voice of those mothers
, aunts, and grandmothers who pass by Chinatown or supermarkets and you don’t even look at
them. Although
people take her for granted
, they ignore her
. She wants all women's stories
to have a chance to be seen
, not just her own. Well,
that 's all for today's story
. Interested friends,
welcome to subscribe to our channel
and see you next time
