Hello everyone,
this is the best partner
. I'm Da Fei.
Recently
, at a virtual meeting of the American Association for Computing Machinery, or ACM, Matt Welsh,
a former Harvard computer professor and
director of engineering at Google , said that
ChatGPT and Github Copilot
herald the end of programming.
He asserted that generative AI will end programming within 3 years
. Wales believes that
due to the emergence of technologies such as ChatGPT and Copilot
, programming is at this turning point from working for humans to working for
robots . In his view,
programmers
need to evolve into AI programs. Teacher, this
teacher can be a product manager or a code reviewer,
that is, a white-box static tester
. He believes that these two human roles are
relatively less affected by robots
. Wales said at the meeting that you should not
count on your career as a programmer.
And it's going to go on and on
because machines are taking over that role
. Let's start off with a little background on this Welsh
guy who
worked as a senior engineer at Google and Apple.
He
also wrote about this in the January 2023 issue of the ACM Newsletter.
An article on this topic is called
"The End of Programming and the End of Classical Computer Science is Coming."
In addition,
this Welsh has also established a startup company
to demonstrate his theory. For the full video link of
Welsh ,
you can refer to the card link on the upper right
, probably .
It took more than an hour to make a summary of his speech
. His first point is that writing code is dirty work
, so
let AI do it. First of all, with
the continued popularity of AI products such as
this Github Copilot
ChatGPT
In fact, AI has demonstrated a very strong ability in programming. In
a research report of University College London and University of Mainz, Germany, ChatGPT
was once asked to find bugs in the sample code
and try to give repair suggestions.
Its performance was amazing and it was successfully repaired . 31 out of 40 bugs
, so from Wales' point of view,
writing code is a dirty job
, so you let the robots do it, right?
Let your time do something else.
For everyone
, he thinks
Writing programs is
not necessarily the best way to use time
. Wales said that
Copilot is an incredible product
. When he is programming
, this Copilot can often
help him complete his ideas
very well, and even read his ideas.
There are many more than he imagined , so
he thinks that
Copilot has greatly improved work efficiency
because he has avoided a lot of context switching
, but he thinks
that Copilot is just the beginning, and Copilot will be able to
do so in the next one to two years or three years. Do it
so that you only need to
enter a few lines of code at the beginning of the source file of the program
, and then
it will
generate all the rest. He
thinks that there are only two things
that will prevent Copilot from getting better and better
. One is the lack of Less and more data,
one is the lack of more calculations
, but we all know that
these two things are actually not lacking,
so
there is no reason why Copilot cannot achieve this goal,
that is, he believes that this goal will definitely be achieved.
Wales also believes that
computer science It is doomed to fail. He
believes that this field
will undergo some fundamental changes
.
What is the significance of computer science as a discipline? What
he has been solving
is how to turn ideas into programs. He believes that in Over the past 60 years,
computer programming has been continuously developed
, trying to make it easier for people to understand the code,
but he compared the Fortran language in 1957 with the Basic language in 1964
and the Rust language in 2010. He said that the ease of use As far as
these three programming languages ​​are concerned,
there is actually not much difference between the programming languages
, and he feels that the
programs that people develop now are as complex
, as difficult to maintain
, as difficult to understand
, and as full of bugs
as they were before
. But Github Copilot allows Wales
to fundamentally re-
Let’s think about the significance of
computer science
. He believes that Copilot has fundamentally
changed
the way we write code
. At least from his personal experience,
it is a significant and profound
way to speed up development.
The second
point of view
is that he talked about Let’s talk about what he
thinks the future software development team
will look like
, and Wales also
made some interesting predictions about the future software development team.
Basically, he believes that
when programmers start to be eliminated
, only two roles can be retained.
One is a product manager
and the other is a code reviewer
. From Welsh's point of view, the role of
the product manager will not change much
, because human product managers can
still write the textual description
that tells the software what to do
,
that is, the product. The requirements document
we refer to as PRD for short, and
this thing is
actually
the product
manager is already doing it now
,
right ? The requirements are realized, Wales
said that you only need to throw the PRD to the AI
, and the AI ​​can generate all the codes in a few seconds.
Of course , this kind of generative AI
will have a disadvantage in the early stage,
that is, its output is
not It must be correct,
so
Wells thinks that human code reviewers
, so-called static testers
, can play a very important role in this regard
, that is, how do we know whether the code is valid,
how do we know whether the code is good code,
right
or How do we know it's right
so we need to test thoroughly
so testing is very, very important and this
is something that's not going away
and all the CI/CD stuff
and
everything that software engineering has built up over the last few decades stuff is still valid
in testing this , he thinks Why, this person with programming
ability is what we usually call a programmer now.
In the future,
he will be
mainly responsible for reviewing and reading
the code generated by AI , and
ensuring that they can run normally and do the right thing.
He is mainly responsible for doing such things.
Things , so
for programmers
, in the future, programmers should become AI teachers
instead of being a programmer
and typing codes there every day,
so you should teach AI how to write codes
instead of writing them yourself. The
above
is this Wales
Some general points of view , let me say a little more about my thoughts.
As an old programmer who has been in software development
and technical management for more than ten years,
I actually realized this industry very early.
It’s an industry that kills itself. Although
I don’t agree
that programmers may be replaced within 3 years as Wales said,
but this is a matter of time
. At least most of the jobs can be replaced by AI
. So
now I am I also switched to Youtube to make this kind of content
, but now this AIGC is developing too fast. I don’t know if
content production will
be replaced by this AIGC in the future.
We can only wait and see
. Well,
today ’s sharing is here
. Interested Friends
welcome to follow our channel
and see you next time
