Thank you everybody. Very pleased to be
here to see you all.
Um enjoyed uh Professor Benjio's talk
and uh it's an exciting time in AI. So I
I have a couple of messages um and they
will pertain to
um what Joshua Joshua is talking about
and uh I have a very very different
point of view and I think that will
become clear in the second part of my
talk
today. Okay. But first welcome to the
air of experience and I have a couple of
quotes that that I think maybe a little
bit indirectly but but uh point to my
two main messages today.
So quote number one is that intelligence
is from Ray Kerszsw Wild. Intelligence
is the most powerful phenomenon in the
universe. This gives us a sense of the
stakes uh of in AI and what's going on
today in AI. Intelligence is the most
powerful phenomenon in the universe.
And I also have a quote from Alan Turing
uh that I think is very
pertinent and he said that what we want
is a machine that can learn from
experience. He said this in
1947 and it it was a in a talk to the
London mathematical soci society and as
far as we can tell it's the first public
presentation ever on artificial
intelligence. I mean there was no field
at the
time. Uh I think this is the first time
someone presented on AI in public and he
he made this remark that we want a
machine that can learn from its
experience own first person experience
and that's really what we're talking
about today and what we're entering into
today in the in the era of
experience. So right now
we're we are in the era of human data.
what could be called there of human data
because all of our AI all of our AIs are
trained on human generated text and
images from the internet and then
they're fine-tuned by human experts
given their preferences and examples of
how they would make
choices and you know of course the whole
thing is trained to predict the human's
next words or to predict the human
labels as opposed to trying to predict
or control the world.
So this is what we have now. I think
we're starting to reach the limits of
human data, the limits of this strategy.
Most of our high quality data sources,
human data sources have already been
consumed. And of course, genuinely
generating genuinely new knowledge is
beyond the approach of mimicking
humans. You to do genuinely new things,
you have to interact with the
world. So now we are entering the era of
experience. At least this is how we see
it. Um, so first of all, AI needs a new
source of data that will grow and
improve as age becomes stronger. Any any
static data set will will be
insufficient. And you can get this kind
of data from experience uh from your
first person interaction with the world.
Experience experience just means the the
data you get coming out of your into
your sensors and out through your
aectors. And this is the way the normal
way that people and others animals
learn. And I think it's just useful to
look at some videos of people learning.
And just to remind us that we do all
learn from experience.
So here is an
infant interacting with its world inter
interacting with sequentially with
different parts of the world its world
different toys and trying to learn what
what you could do with those toys and
and just notice it's it's making choices
that determine its input. It will
interact with a toy for a while or a
piece of string for a while until it's
learned all it can and then it moves on.
And as it grows and becomes more
sophisticated, the amount that it can
learn from each thing will change and it
will behave differently in interaction
with it. So its own behavior is
determining it's its uh experience, its
data and this is what we need. Or if
just look at some other more or less
random pictures of of humans and animals
learning uh playing soccer say and
achieving goals and we just think for a
moment about the data flowing into the
soccer players uh eyes and ears and uh
sense sense organs for its body. All
everything is changing. Everything is
move moving very rapidly. uh the data
flow into its mind is is enormous. It
cannot have enough attention to pay
attention to everything and it has to
make quick decisions to achieve its
goals. So this is what it's like life
for for a soccer player or for an animal
u flying through the forest or running
away from predators or swing swinging a
baseball bat to try to hit the ball uh
or having a conversation being very
concerned with this high bandwidth
signal processing that makes up skilled
perception and action. So that's what
experience is. That's what I mean when I
say experience. I don't mean anything
fancy and uh like qualia. I just mean
data going in and out of the
mind.
So remember this is how the data source
can become variable depending upon the
capabilities of the mind just as when
two game playing systems are interacting
and as they as they improve uh the data
also gets gets better and different. And
so this is the way Alph Go learned to
make its creative move. Uh move 37. Um
this was essential to learn from the
experience. The experience in this case
was generated by the simulation of
possible um possible moves and
consequences of those moves which um you
know in game playing because you know
the rules of the game. It's similar in
alpha proof. Alpha proof is the system
that won a medal in the international
mathematical olympiad.
uh in mathematics you can see the
consequences of your operators and and
look many many steps ahead just as you
can in
computer. So just one more slide on the
experential mindset.
So let's say it in in words. The
experential the way the way we think
about things when we think about
experience is that the agent the agent
exchanges signals with the world and
these are its
experience and then learning is of
course from that experience. And a more
deeper observation is that anything that
the agent knows is about experience. So
even if you were to give the agent some
knowledge in advance,
uh it would still have to be about
experience. It's not about words. It's
about what would happen if it was to do
things. Knowledge is about experience
and therefore it can be learned from
experience. An agent is intelligent to
the extent that it can predict and
control it in signals particularly it
reward. Pict and control that's what AI
uh should be is about. intelligence is
about experience is the focus and
foundation of all intelligence. And of
course, as I'm sure you've noticed or
are thinking, um the field of
reinforcement learning is based on this
mindset and that there are agents that
are first class agents that make
decisions, achieve goals, interact with
the world, totally
agentic. Then we can think of the
timeline where we are now.
So the first era, the era of Alph Go,
the era of Atari, this is the era of
simulation where uh um reinforcement
learning agents would learn from their
simulated experience and learn to get
much better and and uh have these famous
examples like Alph Go and Alpha Zero
that rock the
world. And then we entered the era of
human data with chat GPT and the large
language models chat
GPT3 and we are we are perhaps nearing
the end of that era now where all the
data comes from humans and we'll enter
the era of experience true experience
interacting with the world. We see the
first hints of this with alpha proof as
I discussed and also we see the hints of
it when um the large language models are
now using computers have access to APIs
and can actually take actions in the
world. Okay. So this is my first uh
point about the perspective on the
future of AI. So my my perspective is
really that the the creation of super
intelligent agents and super intelligent
augmented humans, these will be an
unalloyed good for the world. I'm not
concerned about uh issues of safety. I'm
not concerned about loss of of jobs.
These are just a normal part of
transitions and the development of the
world. So I think this will take a
while. This will take decades and it
will continue for decades after that.
It's a marathon. It's not really right
around the corner, but it's good for us
to be getting ready for it as it will be
rocking our world for a
while now. Full intelligent agents will
have to learn from experience. This is
beyond our current agents and as
magnificent as they are as customizable
interfaces to the world's
knowledge. We have entered this new era
of experience using reinforcement
learning.
However, I have to acknowledge that to
realize its full power will require
better deep learning algorithms.
Algorithms that are capable of continual
learning and metal
learning. So now I'd like to shift gears
and talk a little bit about the
politics and now we'll be touching on uh
this some of the issues that u professor
Benjio talk talked about.
So just when you we have to ask this
basic question and societies of agents
is there just one goal that everyone
shares or are there many goals and one
way of approaching this approach a way
you know I'm a reinforcement learning
researcher it seems very natural to
think about my agents my reinforcement
learning agents and it's obvious in
reinforcement learning that each agent
has its own goal it has its own reward
signal entering its its mind um and it's
trying to maximize that goal and there's
no reason why the reward signals
entering different agents have to be the
same. And if we also think about in
nature each animal has has an analogous
signal entering its mind uh it's
actually computed in the
hypothalamus hypothalamus of their
brains. Um and this is their and also
computed in its pain sensors and its
pleasure
sensors. So uh in nature in AI and in
nature different agents have their
different goals. I mean we could talk
about how they share goals like every
animal is concerned with food but you
know they're one animal's food is not
the other animals food. They're they're
they're sort of symmetrical goals.
They're not the same goals. and even and
and people too. Of course, we we care
about our families and we care about our
food and our our safety um more than a
common
goal. So, I want you to just reflect if
you can uh if you will about um our
economies and how they work best. I
think they work best when people have
different goals and different abilities.
So, um the goals don't have to conflict.
Um but they are can be different and
difference differences are good. Our
economies don't really rely on people
having the same goal same goal. They
rely on people pursuing their individual
goals and then and then
interacting. And so
um I think that the the message that we
don't want to miss the message or what's
obvious I think what's obvious about our
societies is that we can exist. We can
coexist in peace even when we all want
different things. You know, we trade and
we specialize and we interact. And so
anyway, whether you ready to view things
this way, let me make some definitions
so I can talk about this simply. So I
want to define
decentralization to be this phenomenon
where you have many agents each pursuing
its own goal. that would be contrasted
with centralization where you have many
agents and they all are constrained to
have the same goal. So for example, uh
bees are are centralized societies. A
hive of bees has many agents, but
they're all pursuing the goal of the
hive and ants also. So decentralization,
many agents, each pursuing its own goal,
each allowed to have its own goal. And
cooperation is when agents that have
different goals interact to mutual
benefit. Each agent achieves its own
goals or furthers its own goals uh by
the interaction. So in exchange a
win-win relationship. This is decent. So
decentralization and
cooperation. Now I think that
cooperation is our superpower. I think
humans cooperate much more than any
other animal. And cooperation is
facilitated by language and by money.
All things that are unique to humans.
Humanity's greatest successes are are
our cooperations like the economies and
the markets and the governments. Those
are how we cooperate. And our greatest
failures are failures to cooperate like
war and theft and corruption.
So this view of decentralized
cooperation is an alternative view uh of
how societies should be organized and in
my view it's more elegant than the
centralized view. Uh that the
decentralized cooperation is more robust
and sustainable and
flexible. Um it's it's more resistant to
uh cheaters and outliers. Anyway, so
humans are better at cooperation than
any other animal. We're I have to
acknowledge that we're still terrible at
it. We still do have wars. We still do
have theft and corruption and fraud. So,
we have to really struggle to cooperate.
Cooperation, first of all, it's not
always possible. It takes at least two
trustworthy agents. And there always
going to be some that are not
trustworthy. Those who benefit from not
cooperating, the the cheats and the
thieves and the weapons manufacturers
and the dictators, they benefit from not
cooperating. Now,
cooperation if this is is a great thing,
but it needs institutions to facilitate
it, to punish the cheaters, to punish
the the fraudsters and the thieves.
Um so centralized authorities can help
cooperation the the institutions that
are needed to facilitate it. But those
centralized authorities uh can also
poison cooperation in the long run when
when the authorities become
authoritarian or
sclerotic. And so this contrast is
between centralized control and
decentralized cooperation. I think the
tension between these two is the central
political issue of our
time. And so I think you'll see that if
you just look at this parallels between
the calls for control of AI and the
calls for control of
people.
So think of AI for now. There are many
calls and and here I want you to think
of professor Benjio's talk which is
explicitly a call for controlling the
goals of AI or controlling even their
ability to have
goals. Uh there there are calls for
pausing or stopping AI research slowing
it down. There are calls for limiting
the power that could be used to u to
make AIs and there are calls for
ensuring the safety of
AI making and and require disclosures.
So this the parallel then is with
control of people as you know in big
political issues in our time is can
speech be free? Can people be allowed to
hear things of other people?
uh can we have free trade or must be
controlled? How can we control the
employment? How do we control the
financial or the capital controls? Uh do
we have tariffs and economic sanctions
on one country or
another? These arguments I think are
eerily similar between the calls for
control of AI and the calls for control
of people. I think it's basically a
society issue how we're going to deal
with uh people having multiple goals.
Are we going to go decentralized? Are we
going to move towards centralized
control? So, the calls for centralized
control are very similar. They're all
based on fear. They're all based by us
versus them. Whether it's us Americans
versus them, the Russians,
or if you're in China, as you guys all
all are, you you're us China, and them
is the US. Um in in in the US it's the
other way around. We are all uh there
are we all they're all the centralized
controls. They they demonize the other.
They claim the other can't be trusted. I
think it's much more complicated than
that or more nuanced than that. We all
in every society there there are some
who can't be trusted and there's the
majority that that normally can be
trusted.
So just to summarize
uh I think all human
flourishing and also AI flourishing it
comes from decentralized cooperation.
Humans are great at cooperation but
they're also terrible at it. Cooperation
not only not always possible but it's
the source of all that's good in the
world and we must look for and support
uh cooperation and seek to
institutionalize
it. Now this is where I have to call on
you to use your own experience with your
world. I want you to look with your own
open eyes. And I think if you do, it's
easy for you to see who is calling for
mistrust and who is calling for
non-ooperation and who is calling for
centralized control. And I think we
should resist those
calls. And finally, I just think this is
a useful lens with which to view all
calls for human and AI interaction.
Thank you very much for your attention.
