Hello everyone,
this is the best partner
. I’m Dafei. Two days
ago , Microsoft and Google released
the AI ​​versions of their office series products
. They are office 365 Copilot
and Google’s workspace AI.
I believe everyone has seen the relevant
video trailer yesterday .
Well, Microsoft released some more detailed video content
to demonstrate
how office 365 Copilot is integrated into the applications that
users use every day
to help them maintain the smoothness of their work
, freeing them from some complicated tasks
and focusing on the task at hand.
So let’s make a summary first.
Copilot In Word
can be used to write, edit,
summarize and create documents
, while Copilot In Powerpoint
can convert users’ ideas into
designed presentations
through natural language commands, that is, PPT
Copilot In Excel
can help users operate and analyze Excel
or
create professional data visualization in a short period of time.
Copilot In Outlook
can help users integrate and manage emails in their
inboxes
, saving more time
for actual communication
. Copilot In Teams
, it can directly
extract real-time summaries and to-do items from the context of the conversation,
improving the efficiency of the entire meeting. The
new Business Chat
brings
together
data from documents, tables, PPTs, emails, calendar notes, and even contacts.
Help users summarize chat content,
write emails , find some key dates
, and even make plans based on other project files
. Okay , let’s introduce each product in detail
. The first is Copilot In Word
, which can write with users,
edit summary and Create a document It only
needs you to give him a short prompt
, for example,
based on an existing document or spreadsheet
, it can create a preliminary
document draft for you
and automatically insert other content
, such as other documents
or forms Add image data to the existing document
, and then it can summarize the document,
rewrite part or even the entire document
, and even automatically generate FAQ
based on
this document
. In addition, Copilot can also help users change the tone of the text
you use. For example,
if you want this text to appear more professional
, warm and casual
, or a text expressing gratitude , he can do it all, and even
give some suggestions
for you to strengthen a certain point of view
in this document or It is to delete the content of these
inconsistent
views in the document.
I think this function
should
greatly improve
the efficiency of a large number of document work
, such as secretaries, product managers, etc. , but in the end,
I have to
look at its Chinese language. What is the effect of using it in
the Chinese environment?
The second one is Cop ilot In Excel
can not only help you
complete an Excel data report
, but you can even analyze
and explore the data in Excel with it. For example, you can let Copilot help you
modify and edit the data in Excel
through dialogue
For example,
merging table columns or calculation
formulas are already the most basic
and pediatric functions.
You can also ask Copilot
related questions related to the data in this table
, such as asking it to directly
analyze the data in this table. The result
or trend change
Copilot can even automatically discover the correlation between
data , propose some hypothetical solutions , and then
help users generate new data models and related visual charts.
I feel that
a large number of so-called data analysts in this company will be laid off.
The third one is Copilot In Powerpoint
. You only need to tell Copilot your ideas,
and it can help you generate a beautiful PPT.
This idea can come from existing spreadsheet documents
or meeting minutes
, or even just a sentence
. Then Copilot
can
generate relevant PPT based on the content you provide. Not only is the format of the generated PPT beautiful
, but
even the speaker prompts are also generated for you
. Then you can
make some adjustments to this PPT through dialogue
, including it. The style layout, the text content
inside
, and even add some animation effects
, and then Copilot can also summarize and refine
a very lengthy PPT
, such as a dozen or dozens of pages of PPT
, to form a new simplified version of the PPT
. I think This product
should be regarded as a big killer
because many
people in domestic enterprises either don’t know how to do PPT,
or they just do PPT every day
for reports, demonstrations, etc.
So I think
this function should be the most practical in China. The
fourth is Copilot In Outlook
, which can turn your emails
into your personal assistant
. For example, after you come back from a vacation,
come back and let Copilot summarize
which emails you have missed and whether
there are some important items
. Mark these things Come out and wait.
This Copilot can not only
summarize relevant important
information
from a large number of lengthy and intricate email
Threads, but also automatically analyze the content of these emails
to understand what different opinions
everyone has in the back and forth emails,
and even which The question has not been answered
yet, and then it will automatically generate some email replies for you
, and at the same time, you can quote the content or data
in other emails.
Then you can adjust the tone of the text
used in this reply
or the length of the content
. If you want the content of the reply to be longer or shorter, you can
even
ask this Copilot to send a meeting invitation for you
and book
this meeting in the form of a conversation Time
, or even
writing meeting content , I think, in fact,
for domestic companies and individuals, is the frequency of
using emails too
high? There are too many spam emails , but
for this foreign company
or some foreign trade companies,
I think it is very suitable.
The fifth
is Copilot In Teams
, which can help users conduct more effective meetings,
speed up conversations, and
sort out key discussion points
Even summarize the key actions for the next step
in the chat.
Copilot can answer some specific questions for you
or remind you of what you missed
, and all of
these will not interrupt the entire discussion process
. With the help of this Copilot
You can create a meeting based
on the chat history
, then choose the right person to follow up
, arrange the next meeting, etc.
Specifically, for example,
you can let Copilot help you summarize
the opinions and differences in the meeting
, and then based on this The content discussed in the meeting is
to create a table for decision-making
, and then after the meeting,
summarize the decisions of these meetings
and what are the suggested next actions.
However , considering that
the management method of many domestic companies
is still very extensive,
basically everyone likes it. Verbal way
, so I think the effect of this function
may be discounted in China. Besides,
there are few domestic users using Teams
, but I think products like WeChat
and Dingding Feishu
can learn from this function.
The last one is Business Chat
, which is built in Teams product
feels like a hodgepodge
. It is said that it can span all the data and applications of the user
, allowing the user to do unprecedented things
. For example, he can transfer all the data in your documents, forms, PPT,
emails, calendars,
notes , and even contacts
. Collect
all
the information and data of all people in the team
to improve
the synchronization and understanding of the overall information within the team
. For example
, you can let it summarize the chats, emails or files related to product upgrades last night
, or you I want to know what the next milestone of
a certain
project is
and whether there are any risks.
Then you ask this copilot to give some
suggestions to solve these risks
, or
you can
ask Copilot to write your own department’s OKR based on the OKRs of other departments
Wait a minute,
I think this function may
be more dependent on the company’s corporate culture.
If your company’s corporate culture
is a relatively open culture
, the effect may be good
. But if your company’s interior
itself is full of information barriers
It’s huge, right ? Then
I think the effect of this function
may be discounted.
Another question
is that
there may be an information storm. Is your company big
? The amount of information and data in a day will be very large
, so whether it is for computing resources I think both consumption
and the effect of this product will have a certain impact
, so
we will first introduce the relevant functions of office 365 Copilot here
, and then we
will continue to share with you the detailed progress.
Finally
, I want to use this Microsoft global vice President Jared Spataro
,
head of the Microsoft 365 Global Business Unit, said at the opening of the press conference two days ago,
as
the end
, we will look back at this moment 100 years later
, that
is the real digital age
Well, that’s the
end of today’s sharing . Interested friends,
welcome to subscribe to my channel and see you next time
