Hello everyone,
this is the best partner
. I’m Dafei. The
latest news in the technology circle
is a bit overwhelming. All kinds of
big companies are fighting like gods
. You have never seen such
a dense and frequent product release
. Yesterday, Microsoft released Office 365 Copilot
provides a large number of AI functions in it
, and Google also released this Google Workspace AI
, which is the same as 365 Copilot, using
a large number of AI functions
to integrate Google's product series
, and the effect of this
is very good. It’s amazing
. Although these products are still in the stage of internal testing
and have not yet been officially opened to the public
, I feel that the era of general AI
is coming soon. I made a video two days
ago to say that
this AIGC will soon be replaced.
Programmers
saw these office series products this morning
, including AI products like the Google office series
, and I felt that the entire migrant workers
would soon be killed
. The development is too fast
, and
in this respect , I feel that domestic companies are very difficult. I can catch up with
you , including DingTalk and
Feishu
.
I think its ability in this area is too weak. It is not
at the same level
. So I am actually more worried about
the domestic technology industry or
the technology industry in this field. How to catch up with me? I
think it is very, very difficult
. This kind of big move is not
something
that can be suppressed in one or two strokes
. Now I feel that the country
has been
dumped in this regard. I
can’t even see the buttocks.
Even the exhaust fumes from this car
are others.
I can’t even see the exhaust from this car , so this is
also very helpless, and
I feel very helpless too. Well , your accumulation is not enough, right?
Your foundation is weak,
and now you are being left farther away
, so I don’t know what to do. Let’s talk,
um , but no matter what , let’s take a look at some promotional videos of
these two products
. You have a preliminary concept. In detail
, we will release some more detailed videos later to introduce the various functions of
these products
and Some new features Today , because there is something going on at home
, so I won’t give a detailed introduction. Let’s watch the video
first, and have an intuitive experience first.
Well , this video of this issue is here
. Interested friends
welcome
to subscribe
Our channel See
you next time
