Hello everyone,
this is the best partner
. I am Dafei. On
November 30, 2022,
OpenAI released ChatGPT
, a natural language processing
tool driven by a large language model. Dialogue
, you can even write emails
, video scripts, codes
, papers, novels, etc.
Due to its excellent performance among peers,
ChatGPT has been launched for just over 2 months, and
it has detonated the world
. In addition to paying attention to the performance of ChatGPT itself,
in fact, people in the industry
pay more attention to this . The members of the AI ​​​​dream team
, what abilities do they have
that allows them to
be
so unique in the field of large-scale language model innovation technology in the world
? According to the official website of Open AI
, there are a total of 87 people who have contributed to the ChatGPT project.
Recently ,
Zhipu Research and AMiner
jointly released a report
, the "ChatGPT Team Background Research Report"
, which conducts statistical analysis on various aspects of the team members.
Our content today is mainly derived from this report
. From the position division of the ChatGPT team
, there are a total of
77 R&D personnel. 88%
of them include a co-founder of the company
, namely Wojciech Zaremba. He was also selected as
the most influential scholar in the AI ​​2000 robotics field in 2023.
A total of 4 product personnel accounted for 5%
and 6 other positions Information cannot be obtained. Judging
from the composition of members’ positions
, the team is not equipped with functional personnel other than
technology
and products
, such as public relations
and marketing personnel
, but is highly focused on technology research and development
. It can be seen that
in the era of digital communication,
an artificial intelligence product only needs to perform well
enough .
There are 28 members aged
20-29 in
the ChatGPT team, accounting for 34% of all members
, and
a total of 50 people aged 30-39. People accounted for 61%,
only 3 people were 40-49 years old,
no members were 50-59 years old, and 1 person was over 60 years old.
After
calculation
, the average age of the team is 32 years old.
It can be seen that
the post-90s generation is the main force of this team. Army
They have led this wave of big language
and large model technology innovation, which
shows that
young people who are often considered to be inexperienced in R&D are entirely possible
to make major breakthroughs in cutting-edge technology fields.
In the ChatGPT team
, 27 people have a bachelor's degree
and 25 people are masters.
28 people with postgraduate degrees
have doctoral degrees,
accounting for 33%
, 30% and 37% respectively
. As the world's top artificial intelligence R&D team
,
the academic qualifications of its members are not all postgraduate degrees
, but the number of graduates from ChatGPT team members is relatively balanced.
In terms of distribution,
Stanford University has the most alumni
with a total of 14 people.
The fourth is the University of California, Berkeley
with a total of 10 people
. The third is the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
with a total of 7 people.
China’s Tsinghua University and Carnegie Mellon University
are tied for seventh place
with 3 people each
. Others There is no lack of graduate schools from top universities in the world
, such as Oxford University
, University of Tokyo,
Cornell University
, University of California, Santa Barbara, etc. Generally speaking,
most of ChatGPT’s team members have
degrees from top or well-known universities in the world
, and their graduate schools are relatively scattered
The top three colleges and universities only account for 37% of the total number of people.
In the ChatGBT team ,
6 people have graduated from Chinese universities
, 3 of whom graduated from Tsinghua University,
and 1 of them graduated from Huazhong University of Science and Technology,
Peking University
, and 1 of Hong Kong University. Graduated from Taiwan Chiao Tung University
ChatGPT team members
mainly come from external companies
, fresh graduates from colleges and universities,
scientific research institutions and university faculty members
. Among them, the external company with the largest number of sources is
Google . A total of 10 people jumped to join
, and the source of external companies with more than 2 people
also There are well-known technology companies
such as
Facebook, Stripe
, Uber , Quora, Nvidia
, Microsoft, Dropbox,
and DeepMind. As fresh graduates
, a total of 11 people joined the ChatGPT team directly,
of which 5 are from the University of California, Berkeley
, and 3 are from Stanford University, Massachusetts Institute
of Technology
, Carnegie Mellon University and 1 person from Harvard University.
It can be seen that in the ChatGPT team
, whether they come from other companies
or join as fresh graduates
, their backgrounds are quite luxurious.
Another ChatGPT researcher was a researcher
at Baidu American Research Institute from 2015 to 2019. In
2019 After resigning from Baidu,
he joined Openai as a researcher.
So far,
the ChatGPT team has left 4 employees, with a
turnover rate of 4.6%
. Even after resigning from the ChatGPT team , they did not go
to the big factory imagined by the outside world. The ChatGPT team of
the company or
institution
has a total of
9 Chinese, 5 of whom are undergraduates studying in inland Chinese universities
, 3 of them have completed their university education experience in American universities, and
1 has incomplete information.
For the Chinese members who graduated from Chinese inland universities
, they are all undergraduates.
Studied in a top inland university in China
, then went to the United States to obtain a master's or doctoral degree, and then joined
an innovative company such as
Dropbox OpenAI in the United States.
ChatGPT is the result of OpenAI
's years of technology accumulation in the field of large-scale language models.
There are cutting-edge key technology areas related to ChatGPT.
RLHF, that is, Human Feedback Reinforcement Learning
GPT1, GPT2, GPT3, codex,
InstructGPT
webGPT and other 7 items
Statistics found that in
the ChatGPT team, a total of 2 people participated in
the research and development of 4 key technology projects.
They are senior researcher Ouyang Long
and R&D engineer Christopher Hei They are
all experts in the field of machine learning
. Chinese Ouyang Long is the first author of the Instruct GPT paper
and the second author of the RLHF paper.
It can be seen
that he is the core personnel of these two key technology projects
, and another 9 people participated in
the project development of 3 of them.
Therefore, the above 11 members are relatively important contributors
to the ChatGPT project. Among the above seven major technology projects,
the ChatGPT team Members
The Codex project with the largest number of participants
has a total of 22 participants, accounting for 25% of
the total
team members
, followed by WebGPT and InstructGPT
with a total of 9 participants. The
third is GPT3
with a total of 6 participants.
The fourth is RLHF
with a total of 3 participants
. By This can be seen
ChatGPT team members
have deep technical accumulation
in the field of generative pre-
trained speech models, especially 1/4 of the team members have participated in
the codeX project also based on GPT3,
which
laid a solid
foundation
for the successful development of ChatGPT in the future. Looking at
the ChatGPT team from gender distribution
There are 9 female members,
accounting for only
10% of the total
, a total of 78 male members, accounting for 90%
. It can be seen that males are the dominant
members of the team, and the proportion of female members is relatively low. Among the
9 female members, two are Chinese and have studied at Peking University.
Analysis by Weng Lilian
and Steph Lin found that
the 9 female members
all have educational experience in world-renowned schools
. Besides
Weng Lilian and Katarina Slama , the others are all born in the 90s. Prestigious
schools
and youth are obvious labels on them
. In the ChatGPT team with less than 100 members
There are 5 people
who belong to the top scholars in various fields of artificial intelligence in the world
, of which 2 are the co-founders of OpenAI and
2 are rated as the most influential scholars in the field of robotics and
machine
learning
. It can be seen that the leading role of technical top scholars
in innovative teams Important. The report also
puts forward the following suggestions for the development of domestic artificial intelligence and cutting-edge technologies.
The first
point is
to pay attention to the cultivation of scientific and technological interests and beliefs, and to
encourage
outstanding young people
to devote themselves
to the wave of cutting-edge technological innovation.
The third point is that overseas Chinese scholars
are an important force in global technological innovation.
Encourage the strengthening of foreign academic exchanges
. Well, today’s sharing is here. Interested partners are welcome to subscribe to our channel
. See you next time
